P|At any time during your turn (before your attack), you may Knock Out Electrode and attach it to 1 of your other Pokémon. If you do, choose a type of Energy. Electrode is now an Energy card (instead of a Pokémon) that provides 2 energy of that type. You can't use this power if Electrode is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
T|Play Clefairy Doll as if it were a Basic Pokémon. While in play, Clefairy Doll counts as a Pokémon (instead of a Trainer card). Clefairy Doll has no attacks, can't retreat, and can't be Asleep, Confused, Paralyzed, or Poisoned. If Clefairy Doll is Knocked Out, it doesn't count as a Knocked Out Pokémon. At any time during your turn before your attack, you may discard Clefairy Doll.
T|Choose 1 of your own Pokémon in play and a Stage of Evolution. Discard all Evolution cards of that Stage or higher attached to that Pokémon. That Pokémon is no longer Asleep, Confused, Paralyzed, Poisoned, or anything else that might be the result of an attack (just as if you had evolved it).
T|Your opponent shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck, then draws 7 cards.
T|You and your opponent show each other your hands, then shuffle all the Trainer cards from your hands into your decks.
T|Put a Stage 2 Evolution card from your hand on the matching Basic Pokémon. You can only play this card when you would be allowed to evolve that Pokémon anyway.
T|Trade 1 of the Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards in your hand for 1 of the Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards from your deck. Show both cards to your opponent. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Choose 1 of your Pokémon in play and return its Basic Pokémon card to your hand. (Discard all cards attached to that card.)
T|Discard 1 Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon in order to choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon and up to 2 Energy cards attached to it. Discard those Energy cards.
T|Remove all damage counters from all of your own Pokémon with damage counters on them, then discard all Energy cards attached to those Pokémon.
T|Choose 1 Basic Pokémon card from your opponent's discard pile and put it onto his or her Bench. (You can't play Pokémon Flute if your opponent's Bench is full.)
T|Look at up to 5 cards from the top of your deck and rearrange them as you like.
A|If the Defending Pokémon isn't Colorless, this attack does 10 damage to each Benched Pokémon of the same type as the Defending Pokémon (including your own).
P|No more Evolution cards can be played. This power stops working while Aerodactyl is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|If Ditto is your Active Pokémon, treat it as if it were the same card as the Defending Pokémon, including type, Hit Points, Weakness, and so on, except Ditto can't evolve, always has this Pokémon Power, and you may treat any Energy attached to Ditto as Energy of any type. Ditto isn't a copy of any other Pokémon while Ditto is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Dragonite is on your Bench, you may switch it with your Active Pokémon.
P|Whenever an attack does anything to Haunter, flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of that attack, including damage, done to Haunter. This power stops working while Haunter is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|Ignore all Pokémon Powers other than Toxic Gases. This power stops working while Muk is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|Whenever an attack (even your own) does damage to Kabuto (after applying Weakness and Resistance), that attack does half the damage to Kabuto (rounded down to the nearest 10). (Any other effects of attacks still happen.) This power stops working while Kabuto is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|Your opponent plays with his or her hand face up. This power stops working while Omanyte is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|At any time during your turn (before your attack), you may return Tentacool to your hand. (Discard all cards attached to Tentacool.) This power can't be used the turn you put Tentacool into play or if Tentacool is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
T|Choose a Pokémon on your Bench. Shuffle it and any cards attached to it into your deck.
T|Search your deck for a basic Energy card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Flip a coin. If heads, draw 8 cards. If tails, draw 1 card.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, put a card in your discard pile on top of your deck.
T|Play Mysterious Fossil as if it were a Basic Pokémon. While in play, Mysterious Fossil counts as a Pokémon (instead of a Trainer card). Mysterious Fossil has no attacks, can't retreat, and can't be Asleep, Confused, Paralyzed, or Poisoned. If Mysterious Fossil is Knocked Out, it doesn't count as a Knocked Out Pokémon. (Discard it anyway.) At any time during your turn before your attack, you may discard Mysterious Fossil from play.
P|Whenever an attack (including your own) does 30 or more damage to Mr. Mime (after applying Weakness and Resistance), prevent that damage. (Any other effects of attacks still happen.) This power stops working while Mr. Mime is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
T|Discard 1 Energy card attached to 1 of your own Pokémon in order to choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon and up to 2 Energy cards attached to it. Discard those Energy cards.
P|When you play Dark Dragonite from your hand, search your deck for up to 2 Basic Pokémon and put them onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Whenever your opponent's Active Pokémon retreats, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, this power does 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.) This power stops working while Dark Dugtrio is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|When you play Dark Golbat from your hand, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If you do, Dark Golbat does 10 damage to that Pokémon. Apply Weakness and Resistance.
P|When Dark Gyarados is Knocked Out by an attack, flip a coin. If heads, this power does 20 damage for each Water Energy attached to Dark Gyarados to the Pokémon that Knocked Out Dark Gyarados. Apply Weakness and Resistance. This power doesn't work if Dark Gyarados is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any basic Energy cards attached to it, choose 1 of them. If your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, choose 1 of them and attach that Energy card to it.
P|When you play Dark Slowbro from your hand, choose up to 3 Basic Pokémon and/or Evolution cards from your discard pile and put them into your hand.
P|No Trainer cards can be played. This power stops working while Dark Vileplume is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|Does 20 damage times the total number of Koffings, Weezings, and Dark Weezings in play (Apply Weakness and Resistance.). Then, this attack does 20 damage to each Koffing, Weezing, and Dark Weezing (even your own). Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.
T|Each player plays with his or her Prize cards face up for the rest of the game.
T|Look at your opponent's hand. If he or she has any Trainer cards, choose 1 of them. Your opponent shuffles that card into his or her deck.
P|As long as Dark Muk is your Active Pokémon, your opponent pays ColorlessColorless more to retreat his or her Active Pokémon. This power stops working while Dark Muk is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|If Dark Primeape does any damage while it's Confused (even to itself), it does 30 more damage.
A|If an attack does damage to Dark Wartortle during your opponent's next turn (even if Dark Wartortle is Knocked Out), Dark Wartortle attacks the Defending Pokémon for an equal amount of damage.
T|Search your deck for an Evolution card with Dark in its name. Show it to your opponent and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Ask your opponent if he or she accepts your challenge. If your opponent declines (or if both Benches are full), draw 2 cards. If your opponent accepts, each of you searches your decks for any number of Basic Pokémon cards and puts them face down onto your Benches. (A player can't do this if his or her Bench is full.) When you both have finished, shuffle your decks and turn those cards face up.
T|Flip a coin. If tails, do 10 damage to your Active Pokémon. If heads, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, your opponent does 10 damage to his or her Active Pokémon. If heads, you flip a coin. Keep doing this until a player gets tails.
T|Discard a card from your hand in order to play this card. Your opponent shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck, then draws 4 cards.
T|Choose up to 3 Basic Pokémon cards, Evolution cards, and/or basic Energy cards from your discard pile. Show them to your opponent and shuffle them into your deck.
T|All Pokémon Powers stop working until the end of your opponent's next turn.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Asleep.
P|Ignore all Pokémon Powers other than Toxic Gases. This power stops working while Muk is affected by a Special Condition.
A|Remove a number of damage counters from Butterfree equal of half the damage done to the Defending Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance) (rounded up to the nearest 10). If Butterfree has fewer damage counters that that, remove all of them.
A|If the Defending Pokémon isn't Colorless, this attack does 10 damage to each Benched Pokémon of the same type as the Defending Pokémon (including your own). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If an attack does damage to Dark Wartortle during your opponent's next turn (even if Dark Wartortle is Knocked Out), Dark Wartortle does an equal amount of damage to the Defending Pokémon.
P|Whenever an attack does anything to Haunter, flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of that attack, including damage, done to Haunter. This power stops working while Haunter is affected by a Special Condition.
P|Whenever an attack (even your own) does damage to Kabuto (after applying Weakness and Resistance), that attack does only half the damage to Kabuto (rounded down to the nearest 10). (Any other effects of attacks still happen.) This power stops working while Kabuto is affected by a Special Condition.
P|Your opponent plays with his or her hand face up. This power stops working while Omanyte is affected by a Special Condition.
P|Snorlax can't become Asleep, Confused, Paralyzed, Poisoned, or Burned. This power stops working while Snorlax is affected by a Special Condition.
P|At any time during your turn (before your attack), you may return Tentacool to your hand. (Discard all cards attached to Tentacool.) This power can't be used the turn you put Tentacool into play or if Tentacool is affected by a Special Condition.
T|Put a Stage 2 Evolution card from your hand on the matching Basic Pokémon. You can play this card only when you would be allowed to evolve that Pokémon anyway.
T|Play Mysterious Fossil as if it were a Basic Pokémon. While in play, Mysterious Fossil counts as a Pokémon (instead of a Trainer card). Mysterious Fossil has no attacks, can't retreat, and can't be affected by Special Conditions. If Mysterious Fossil is Knocked Out, it doesn't count as a Knocked Out Pokémon. (Discard it anyway.) At any time during your turn before your attack, you may discard Mysterious Fossil from play. You can put Pokémon that evolve from Mysterious Fossil on this card.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 20 damage. If tails and if your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, he or she chooses 1 of them and this attack does 20 damage to it. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
T|You may draw up to 5 cards, then your opponent may draw up to 5 cards. Your turn is over now (you don't get to attack).
A|Flip a number of coins equal to the number of Pokémon in play. This attack does 10 damage times the number of heads. Then Team Rocket's Meowth does 10 damage times the number of tails to itself.
A|This attack can't be used unless Sabrina's Abra and the Defending Pokémon have the same number of Energy cards attached to them.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, and if your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, choose 1 of them. This attack does 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.) If tails, Zapdos does 30 damage to itself.
A|If the Defending Pokémon attacks Togepi during your opponent's next turn, any damage done to Togepi is reduced by 20 (before applying Weakness and Resistance). (Benching either Pokémon ends this effect.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown [J], Unown [O], Unown [I], and Unown Dragon on your Bench, you may search your deck for a Basic Pokémon or Evolution card. Show that card to your opponent, then put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Once during each player's turn (before attacking), that player may flip a coin. If heads, that player draws a card.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If the effect of a Pokémon Power, attack, Energy card, or Trainer card would put a card in a discard pile into its owner's hand, that card stays in that discard pile instead.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon and put a Lightning Rod marker on it. (A Pokémon can have only 1 Lightning Rod marker on it at a time.)
P|As long as Articuno is your Active Pokémon, your Benched Pokémon do not take damage from and are not affected by attacks. This power cannot be used if Articuno is affected by a Special Condition.
A|If your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, choose 1 of them. Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|To attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Suicune, you must discard an Energy card attached to Suicune. (Attach the Water Energy, and then discard an Energy card from Suicune.)
T|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 7 cards. You can't play any more Trainer cards this turn.
A|During your next turn, Rocket's Scizor's Agility attack's damage is doubled.
A|Your opponent puts 3 markers onto his or her Pokémon (divided as he or she chooses). (More than 1 marker can be put on the same Pokémon.) Then, this attack does 10 damage to each Pokémon for each marker on it. Don't apply Weakness and Resistance. Remove the markers at the end of the turn.
P|Once during your turn when Dark Ivysaur retreats, choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch it with his or her Active Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, switch the number of damage counters on Rocket's Mewtwo with the number of damage counters on the Defending Pokémon (even if it would Knock Out either Pokémon). (It's okay if 1 of the Pokémon has no damage counters on it.)
A|If an attack does damage to Rocket's Hitmonchan during your opponent's next turn (even if Rocket's Hitmonchan is Knocked Out), flip a coin. If heads, Rocket's Hitmonchan attacks your opponent's Active Pokémon for double that amount of damage. (If Rocket's Hitmonchan takes 20 damage, it does 40 damage to that Pokémon.)
P|At any time between turns, heal 10 damage from each of your Pokémon.
P|As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon.
T|Search your deck for a basic Energy card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck and put them back on top of your deck in any order. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your discard pile, you may put this Pokémon on the bottom of your deck.
P|Each of your Pokémon that has any Grass Energy attached to it can't be affected by any Special Conditions. (Remove any Special Conditions affecting those Pokémon.)
P|When you attach a Plasma Energy from your hand to this Pokémon, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with his or her Active Pokémon.
P|This Pokémon's attacks cost Colorless less for each of your opponent's Team Plasma Pokémon in play.
A|Move as many Special Energy attached to your opponent's Pokémon to your opponent's other Pokémon in any way you like.
P|This Pokémon may have up to 4 Pokémon Tool cards attached to it. (If this Pokémon loses this Ability, discard Pokémon Tool cards attached to this Pokémon until only 1 Pokémon Tool card remains.)
A|Flip a coin. If tails, during your opponent's next turn, any damage done to this Pokémon by attacks is increased by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|The damage of each of your Fighting Pokémon's attacks isn't affected by Resistance.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may search your deck for a Supporter card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may discard all Pokémon Tool cards attached to each of your opponent's Pokémon.
T|Put as many cards from your hand as you like on the bottom of your deck in any order. Then, draw a card for each card you put on the bottom of your deck.
T|Look at the bottom 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal a Tirtouga you find there and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|During this turn, your Pokémon's attacks do 10 more damage to the Active Pokémon for each Prize card your opponent has taken (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|Look at the bottom 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal an Archen you find there and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Choose 1 of your Basic Pokémon in play. If you have a Stage 2 card in your hand that evolves from that Pokémon, put that card on the Basic Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.) You can't use this card during your first turn or on a Basic Pokémon that was put into play this turn. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Look at the bottom 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal a Lileep you find there and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Genesect-EX this card is attached to can also use the attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Put 1 of your Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your hand. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your discard pile, you may put this Pokémon into your hand.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon's Leaf Wallop does 40 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon to another of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|This attack does 40 damage to 2 of your opponent's Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Once during your turn, after you flip any coins for an attack, you may ignore all effects of those coin flips and being flipping those coins again. You can't use more than 1 Victory Star Ability each turn.
A|Search your deck for 2 basic Energy cards and attach them to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Does 10 or more for each damage counter on this Pokémon.
A|Put a card from your discard pile on top of your deck.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may switch this Pokémon with your Active Pokémon.
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 4 cards. If Minun is on your Bench, draw 4 more cards.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done by attacks from the Defending Pokémon is reduced by 30 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|You and your opponent play Rock-Paper-Scissors. The player who wins draws 3 cards. The player who loses discards the top 3 cards of his or her deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for 2 Psychic Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|If this Pokémon has a Pokémon Tool card attached to it, each Pokémon in play, in each player's hand, and in each player's discard pile has no Abilities (except for Garbotoxin).
A|Discard the top card of your deck. If that card is a basic Energy card, attach it to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw a number of cards equal to the number of cards in your opponent's hand.
P|Each player can't play any ACE SPEC cards from his or her hand.
P|Each of your Pokémon that has any Darkness Energy attached to it has no Retreat Cost.
A|The Defending Pokémon can't attack during your opponent's next turn.
A|Discard the top 2 cards of your deck.
P|If your opponent's Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack of this Pokémon, take 1 more Prize card.
P|If any damage is done to this Pokémon by attacks, flip a coin. If heads, prevent that damage.
T|Put a Pokémon from your hand face down in front of you and tell your opponent its name. Your opponent guesses the height of that Pokémon. Reveal that Pokémon. If your opponent guessed right, he or she draws 3 cards. If your opponent guessed wrong, you draw 3 cards. Return the Pokémon to your hand. (You can't choose a Pokémon that doesn't have the height printed on the card.)
P|If this Pokémon has any Grass Energy attached to it, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
A|Heal all damage from this Pokémon. This Pokémon is now Asleep.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done by attacks from the Defending Pokémon is reduced by 20 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|Search your deck for 3 Pokémon Tool cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|This Pokémon can use the attacks of any Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's). (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
A|Choose 1 of your Pokémon. Search your deck for a card that evolves from that Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Move an Energy attached to the Defending Pokémon to 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if this Pokémon would be damaged by an attack, prevent that attack's damage done to this Pokémon if that damage is 40 or less.
A|Discard the top 5 cards of your deck. If any of those cards are Fighting Energy cards, attach them to this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Does 10 more damage for each Darkness Energy attached to all of your Pokémon.
A|Does 10 damage for each Energy attached to this Pokémon to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Attach an Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
A|Look at the top 5 cards of your opponent's deck and put them back on top of his or her deck in any order.
A|Attach an Energy from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin for each Energy attached to this Pokémon. This attack does 40 damage times the number of heads.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, put a card from your discard pile on top of your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
A|Heal all damage from 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Before doing damage, discard a Pokémon Tool card attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|If any damage is done to this Pokémon by attacks, flip a coin. If heads, reduce that damage by 50 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Does 20 more damage if you have any Lightning Pokémon on your Bench.
A|Move all damage counters from 1 of your Benched Pokémon to the Defending Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, flip a coin. If heads, this Pokémon is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may put 3 damage counters on your opponent's Pokémon in any way you like.
P|This Pokémon gets +20 HP for each Fighting Energy attached to it.
P|Each play can't play any Pokémon from his or her hand to evolve his or her Pokémon.
P|All Energy attached to this Pokémon are Darkness Energy instead of their usual type.
A|Attach a Metal Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if that Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 2 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a Supporter card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this Ability. If you do, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Confused and Poisoned.
A|Does 10 more damage for each Colorless in the Defending Pokémon's Retreat Cost.
A|If this Pokémon was damaged by an attack during your opponent's last turn, this attack does the same amount of damage done to the Defending Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done by attack from the Defending Pokémon is reduced by 20 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Your opponent can't play any Item cards from his or her hand during your opponent's next turn.
P|Each basic Psychic Energy attached to your Psychic Pokémon provides PsychicPsychic Energy. You can't apply more than 1 Psychic Mirage Ability at a time.
A|Flip a coin for each Energy attached to this Pokémon. This attack does 50 damage times the number of heads.
A|You may move 1 Energy attached to this Pokémon to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Flip 3 coins. This attack does 10 times the number of heads.
A|Search your deck for 2 Pokémon Tool cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Your opponent shuffles that Pokémon and all cards attached to it into his or her deck.
A|Does 10 more damage for each card in your opponent's hand.
P|Damage can't be healed from any Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's). (Damage counters can still be moved.)
T|Search your deck for up to 3 basic Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. When your Active Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may move 1 basic Energy card that was attached to that Pokémon to the Pokémon this card is attached to. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may heal 20 damage from 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|The Retreat Cost of each Basic Pokémon is play is Colorless less. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
A|Your opponent puts the Defending Pokémon and all cards attached to it into his or her hand.
A|Attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Attach a Fire Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, attach a Fire Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
P|Put 4 damage counters instead of 2 on your opponent's Burned Pokémon between turns.
P|If you have 2, 4, or 6 Prize Cards left, this Pokémon can't attack.
A|This attack does 50 damage to 2 of your opponent's Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, attach an Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
P|Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, except damage, done to each of your Pokémon that has any Energy attached to it.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose a card at random from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals that card and shuffles it into his or her deck.
A|Discard as many Pokémon Tool cards as you like from your hand. This attack does 40 damage times the number of cards you discarded.
A|During your opponent's next turn, this Pokémon has no Weakness.
T|Attach a basic Darkness Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Darkness Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 3 random cards from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals those cards and shuffles them into his or her deck.
T|Look at the bottom 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal an Aerodactyl you find there and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Reveal cards from the top of your deck until you reveal a Supporter card. Put it into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may flip a coin. If heads, that player may play a Restored Pokémon from their hand onto their Bench. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
A|Attach a Fire Energy from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may return this Pokémon and all cards attached to it to your hand.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if this Pokémon would be damaged by an attack, prevent that attack's damage done to this Pokémon if that damage is 60 or less.
A|Search your deck for 3 different types of basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with the Defending Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for Shedinja and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Heal 30 damage and remove all Special Conditions from this Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for any card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with his or her Active Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your discard pile, you may flip a coin. If heads, put this Pokémon onto your Bench and attach 3 different types of basic Energy cards from the discard pile to this Pokémon.
A|Flip 2 coins. For each heads, draw a card.
A|Attach 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is Knocked Out, your opponent can't take any Prize cards for it.
A|Does 50 damage times the number of Special Energy cards in your opponent's discard pile.
A|Flip 2 coins. If both of them are heads, the Defending Pokémon is Knocked Out.
A|Attach 2 basic Energy cards from your hand to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
A|You may have your opponent switch the Defending Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may discard the top 3 cards of your opponent's deck.
A|This attack does 30 damage to 3 of your opponent's Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|You may move an Energy attached to the Defending Pokémon to 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
A|Discard the top 3 cards of your deck. If any of those cards are Energy cards, attach them to this Pokémon.
A|Discard the top 3 cards of your deck.
P|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Basic Pokémon, this Pokémon can't attack.
A|Remove all Special Conditions from the Defending Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for 2 Pokémon with Fighting Resistance, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Devolve 1 of your evolved Pokémon and put the highest stage Evolution card on it into your hand. (That Pokémon can't evolve this turn.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Pokémon this card is attached to gets +20 HP. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out by damage from an attack, put that Pokémon into your hand. (Discard all cards attached to that Pokémon.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Choose up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards attached to Pokémon in play (yours or your opponent's) and discard them. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
A|This attack does 30 damage to 3 of your opponent's Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon).
P|At any times between turns, heal 10 damage from each of your Pokémon.
P|Apply Weakness for each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) as ×4 instead.
A|Does 20 more damage for each Colorless in the Defending Pokémon's Retreat Cost.
P|Each of your evolved Pokémon can use any attack from its previous Evolutions. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
P|As along as this Pokémon is on your Bench, prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks (both yours and your opponent's).
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to the Defending Pokémon.
P|The Retreat Cost of each of your opponent's Pokémon in play is Colorless more.
A|Choose a random card from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals that card and shuffles it into his or her deck.
P|At any time between turns, heal 10 damage from this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Asleep. If tails, your Active Pokémon is now Asleep.
P|If this Pokémon has full HP and would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, this Pokémon is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
P|At any time between turns, if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Discard a Pokémon Tool card attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Put damage counters on the Defending Pokémon until its remaining HP is 10.
P|During your turn (before your attack), you may put a Basic Pokémon from your hand on top of this Pokémon. (This does not count as playing that Pokémon or evolving.) This Pokémon is now that Pokémon. (Any cards attached to this Pokémon, damage counters, Special Conditions, turns in play, and any other effects remain on the new Pokémon.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your hand, you may reveal it. If you do, heal 10 damage and remove a Special Condition from your Active Pokémon. Then, discard this Pokémon.
T|Each Colorless Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) gets +20 HP. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Each player either draws or discard cards until he or she has 5 cards in his or her hand. (Your opponent does this first.)
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is your Active Pokémon and is damage by an opponent's attack (even if that Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 2 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Turn all of your Prize cards face up. (Those Prize cards remain face up for the rest of the game.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If this card is attached to Black Kyurem-EX, its maximum HP is 300. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Heal 90 damage from your Active Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
A|Shuffle this Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose a random card from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals that card and shuffles it into his or her deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose a Special Condition. The Defending Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition.
A|Choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon's attack. That Pokémon can't use that attack during your opponent's next turn.
P|If this Pokémon has no Energy attached to it, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
A|Discard the top 4 cards of your deck. This attack does 50 damage times the number of Fire Energy cards discarded.
P|At any times between turns, heal 20 damage from this Pokémon.
A|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, attach a Water Energy card from your discard pile to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
P|When this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Attach 2 basic Energy cards from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, the Attacking Pokémon is now Confused and Poisoned.
P|During your turn, you may play 2 Supporter cards.
A|Attach 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Discard a Lightning Energy card from your hand. If you do, draw 3 cards.
P|When this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, discard the top 3 cards of your opponent's deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a Pokémon Tool card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Does 20 damage for each Pokémon Tool card attached to Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's).
A|Does 20 damage times the number of Colorless in the Defending Pokémon's Retreat Cost.
P|If this Pokémon has any Metal Energy attached to it, this Pokémon's type is both Fighting and Metal.
A|Your opponent reveal his or her hand. Discard a Supporter card you find there. Use the effect of that card as the effect of this attack.
A|Discard a Team Plasma card from your hand. if you do, draw 3 cards.
P|Prevent all damage done to your Metal Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-EX.
A|Search your deck for a Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Your opponent draws a card.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may have your opponent switch his or her Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
T|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw a number of cards equal to the number of Benched Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's).
T|Search your deck for a Plasma Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Team Plasma Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Reveal the top card of your deck. If that card is a basic Energy card, attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. If it is not a basic Energy card, return it to the top of your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Poisoned. Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is also Asleep. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Each Pokémon that has any Plasma Energy attached to it (both yours and your opponent's) has no Weakness. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Discard a Team Plasma card from your card. (if you can't discard a Team Plasma card, you can't play this card.) Draw 4 cards.
T|Put 2 more damage counters on Poisoned Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) between turns. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Switch your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon. Then, you may move as many Energy attached to the old Active Pokémon to the new Active Pokémon as you like. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If this card is attached to Victini-EX, Victini-EX can use its attacks regardless of the amount or type of Energy attached to it. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
A|Your opponent can't play any Supporter cards from his or her hand during his or her next turn.
A|Does 10 more damage for each Pokémon in your discard pile.
A|Remove all Special Conditions from this Pokémon.
P|The Retreat Cost of each of your Team Plasma Pokémon in play is ColorlessColorless less.
A|Search your deck for a Water Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Pokémon-EX, that Pokémon can't attack during your opponent's next turn.
A|Search your deck for 2 basic Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Attach an Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Team Plasma Pokémon.
P|Prevent all damage done to your Benched Pokémon by attacks.
P|Your Team Plasma Pokémon's attacks (excluding Deoxys-EX) do 10 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Whenever your opponent flips a coin during his or her next turn, treat it as tails.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack) you may Knock Out this Pokémon. If you do, put 3 damage counters on your opponent's Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Does 40 more damage for each Nidoqueen on your Bench.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done to this Pokémon by attacks is increased by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Each of your Team Plasma Pokémon in play gets +20 HP.
A|Discard as many Pokémon as you like from your hand. This attack does 30 damage times the number of Pokémon you discarded.
A|Switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with the Defending Pokémon. This attack does 40 damage to the new Defending Pokémon.
A|Before doing damage, discard all Pokémon Tool cards attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Your opponent can't play any Item cards from his or her hand during his or her next turn.
A|Search your deck for 3 Pokémon of different types that evolve from Eevee. Reveal them and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Your opponent shuffles the Defending Pokémon and all cards attached to it into his or her deck.
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 6 cards.
T|Whenever any player attaches an Energy from his or her hand to 1 of his or her Pokémon (excluding Team Plasma Pokémon) put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Your opponent reveals his or her hand and shuffles all Item cards found there into his or her deck. Then, draw a number of cards equal to the number of Item cards your opponent shuffled into his or her deck.
T|Put a Team Plasma card from your discard pile into your hand.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Pokémon this card is attached to is a Team Plasma Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for a Team Plasma Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out, your opponent takes 1 fewer Prize card. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if that Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 6 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may draw cards until he or she has 7 cards in his or her hand. If he or she does, that player's turn ends. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
P|Once during your turn, after you flip any coins for an attack, you may ignore all effects of those coin flips and begin flipping those coins again. You can't use more than 1 Victory Star Ability each turn.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may flip a coin. If heads, the player draws a card. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
P|Each of this Pokémon's attacks does 50 more damage to Darkness Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Each of this Pokémon's attack does 50 more damage to Darkness Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon is Paralyzed.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may draw 2 cards.
T|Once during each player's turn, if that player has 6 Pokémon in play, he or she may heal 10 damage from each of his or her Pokémon. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may have your opponent reveal his or her hand.
A|Discard the top 5 cards of your deck, and then choose 2 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 50 damage for each Energy card you discarded in this way to each of those Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If your opponent has a Stadium in play, discard it.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 basic Energy cards of different types and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Double the number of damage counters on each of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Discard the top 5 cards of your deck. This attack does 80 damage for each Energy card you discarded in this way.
A|Discard up to 3 Special Energy from your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Attach up to 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Energy attached to both Active Pokémon.
A|If there are any Lightning Energy cards in your discard pile, attach 1 of them to Rocket's Zapdos.
A|Rocket's Zapdos does damage to itself equal to 10 times the number of Lightning Energy cards attached to it.
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck, then draw 7 cards.
A|Your opponent may draw 2 cards. Either way, you may draw 2 cards.
A|Search your deck for a card named Gyarados, Dark Gyarados, or Shining Gyarados. Show it to your opponent and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has at least 2 damage counters on it, this attack does 50 damage plus 20 more damage.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Each player shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck. Then, each player counts his or her Prize cards left and draws up to that many cards. (You draw your cards first.)
P|Mew ex can use the attacks of all Pokémon in play as its own. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
A|You may move a Fire Energy card attached to Gardevoir ex to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Umbreon Star from your hand onto your Bench, you may choose 1 card from your opponent's hand without looking and discard it.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Luxray GL LV.X from your hand onto your Active Luxray GL, you may switch the Defending Pokémon with 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Garchomp C LV.X from your hand onto your Active Garchomp C, you may remove all damage counters from each of your Pokémon SP.
P|You may play this card from your hand to evolve a Pokémon during your first turn or the turn you play that Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may search your deck for a Supporter card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Return 1 of your Pokémon and all cards attached to it in your hand.
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck.
A|Move up to 4 damage counters from any of your Pokémon to any of your opponent's Pokémon in any way you like.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done to Hitmontop by attacks is increased by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|If your opponent has any Fighting Pokémon in play, this attack does 20 damage plus 60 more damage.
A|Your opponent discards a card from his or her hand.
A|Choose a number of your opponent's Stage 1 or Stage 2 Evolved Pokémon up to the amount of Energy attached to Jirachi. Remove the highest Stage Evolution card from each of those Pokémon and put those cards back into your opponent's hand.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Jirachi from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip 3 coins. For each heads, search your discard pile for a Psychic Energy card and attach it to Jirachi.
A|Discard the top 3 cards from your deck. This attack does 50 damage times the number of Energy cards you discarded.
A|Put all Energy cards attached to Pachirisu in the Lost Zone.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Pachirisu from your hand onto your Bench, you may attach up to 2 Lightning Energy cards from your hand to Pachirisu.
A|Discard a Fire Energy and a Lightning Energy attached to Rayquaza.
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all effects, including damage, done to Umbreon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon than has any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck, then draw 6 cards. Cleffa is now Asleep.
A|During your opponent's next turn, the attack cost of each of the Defending Pokémon's attacks is ColorlessColorless more.
A|Put 1 Energy card attached to Snorlax in the Lost Zone.
A|Choose 1 card from your opponent's hand without looking and put it in the Lost Zone.
A|Put the top card of your opponent's deck in the Lost Zone. Mime Jr. is now Asleep.
A|If Seviper is Poisoned, this attack does 20 damage plus 60 more damage and remove the Special Condition Poisoned from Seviper.
A|Look at the top card of your deck. You may put it into your hand. If not, discard it and draw a card.
A|Search your deck for a Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle Pidgey and all cards attached to it back into your deck.
A|Choose a card from your hand and put it in the Lost Zone. Then, draw 3 cards.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw a number of cards equal to the number of cards in your opponent's hand.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Look at the top 8 cards of your deck. Choose as many Energy cards as you like, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|Put 1 Special Energy card attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon in the Lost Zone.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Once during each player's turn, if that player's opponent has 6 or more Pokémon in the Lost Zone, the player may choose to win the game.
T|Look at the top 4 cards of your deck and put as many of them as you like back on top of your deck in any order. Then, put the remaining cards on the bottom of your deck in any order.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Look at the top 5 cards of your deck. Choose any 2 cards you find there and put them into your hand. Discard the other cards.
P|Entei's Retreat Cost is Colorless Energy less for each Fire Energy attached to Entei.
P|Raikou's Retreat Cost is Colorless less for each Lightning Energy attached to Raikou.
P|Suicune's Retreat Cost is Colorless less for each Water Energy attached to Suicune.
P|If there are 4 or fewer Team Aqua Pokémon in play, this Pokémon can't attack.
P|The Retreat Cost of each Pokémon in play (except for Team Aqua Pokémon) is Colorless more.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is affected by a Special Condition, discard an Energy attached to that Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move a basic Energy from 1 of your Pokémon to 1 of your Team Magma Pokémon.
A|Discard as many Fighting Energy attached to your Pokémon as you like. This attack does 40 damage times the amount of Fighting Energy you discarded.
P|If there are 4 or fewer Team Magma Pokémon in play, this Pokémon can't attack.
A|Flip a coin for each Team Aqua Pokémon you have in play. This attack does 30 damage times the number of heads.
A|This attack does 20 damage times the number of Team Magma Pokémon on your Bench.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Team Aqua Pokémon this card is attached to can also use the attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Team Magma Pokémon this card is attached to can also use the attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to your Active Team Aqua Pokémon.
T|Discard a card from your hand. (If you can't discard a card, you can't play this card.) Draw 3 cards. If you discarded a Team Aqua Pokémon, draw 1 more card.
T|Search your deck for a Basic Team Aqua Pokémon and a basic Water Energy card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|The Retreat Cost of each Pokémon in play (except for Team Aqua Pokémon) is Colorless more. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Put up to 3 Team Magma Pokémon from your discard pile into your hand.
T|Discard a card from your hand. (If you can't discard a card, you can't play this card.) Draw 3 cards. If you discarded a Team Magma Pokémon, draw 1 more card.
T|Search your deck for a Basic Team Magma Pokémon and a basic Fighting Energy card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Whenever any player puts a Basic Pokémon (except for Team Magma Pokémon) from his or her hand onto his or her Bench, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
A|Search your deck for a Grass Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may switch 1 of your face-down Prize cards with the top card of your deck.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Active Pokémon's attacks. That Pokémon can't use that attack during your opponent's next turn.
A|Move all Lightning Energy attached to Luxray to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. (Ignore this effect if you don't have any Benched Pokémon.)
P|Once during your turn, when you play Luxray from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may look at your opponent's hand. If your opponent's Bench isn't full, choose 1 Basic Pokémon from your opponent's hand, and put it onto his or her Bench. Then, switch it with the Defending Pokémon.
P|If you have any Metal Energy attached to your Active Pokémon, the Retreat Cost for that Pokémon is 0.
A|Search your deck for a Stadium card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. If there is any Stadium card in play, discard it.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Rhyperior from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may discard the top 3 cards from your opponent's deck.
A|If Budew is anywhere under Roserade, choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that doesn't have any damage counters on it. This attack does 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Remove all Special Conditions and 4 damage counters from Bibarel. Bibarel is now Asleep.
A|Before doing damage, count the remaining HP of the Defending Pokémon and Carnivine. If the Defending Pokémon has fewer remaining HP than Carnivine's, this attack does 60 damage instead.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 5 in any combination of Pokémon and Supporter cards. Show them to your opponent and shuffle them into your deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, put damage counters on the Defending Pokémon until it is 10 HP away from being Knocked Out.
A|During your next turn, if an attack does damage to the Defending Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), that attack does 40 more damage.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. Remove a number of damage counters equal to the number of heads from 1 of your Pokémon.
A|If any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack during his or her last turn, this attack does 20 damage plus 50 more damage.
A|Count the number of damage counters on Medicham. Put that many damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Snorlax from your hand onto Munchlax (this counts as evolving Munchlax) and remove all damage counters from Munchlax.
A|If you have the same number of cards in your hand as your opponent, this attack does 30 damage plus 50 more damage.
A|Search your deck for a basic Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Choose 1 card from your opponent's hand without looking and discard it.
A|Does 10 damage times the number of Grass Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's).
A|Search your deck for any 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Does 10 damage times the total amount of Darkness Energy attached to all of your Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, move all damage counters from Wobbuffet to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Choose 1 card from your opponent's hand without looking. Look at the card you chose, then have your opponent shuffle that card into his or her deck.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Wobbuffet from your hand onto Wynaut (this counts as evolving Wynaut) and remove all damage counters from Wynaut.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Roselia from your hand onto Budew (this counts as evolving Budew) and remove all damage counters from Budew.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if Cascoon would be damaged by an attack, prevent that attack's damage done to Cascoon if that damage is 30 or less.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, put 1 of your Benched Pokémon and all cards attached to on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search your deck for a Lightning Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Electabuzz from your hand onto Elekid (this counts as evolving Elekid) and remove all damage counters from Elekid.
A|Before doing damage, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon that has any Energy attached to it and switch that Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for a Water Basic Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Mantine from your hand onto Mantyke (this counts as evolving Mantyke) and remove all damage counters from Mantyke.
A|Search your discard pile for a Fire Energy card and attach it to Monferno.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy card attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that has any damage counters on it. This attack does 40 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If there is any Stadium card in play, this attack does 30 damage plus 20 more damage. Discard that Stadium card.
A|During your opponent's next turn, If Silcoon would be damaged by an attack, prevent that attack's damage done to Silcoon if that damage is 30 or less.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown A is on your Bench, you may look at the top 2 cards of your deck and put them back on top of your deck in any order.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown B is on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, discard all cards attached to any 1 of your Unown and shuffle that Pokémon back into your deck.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown C is on your Bench, you may flip coin. If heads, search your deck for any 1 Unown and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown D is on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, each player may draw a card. (You draw your card first.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Marill from your hand onto Azurill (this counts a evolving Azurill) and remove all damage counters from Azurill.
A|Search your discard pile for a Trainer card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Sudowoodo from your hand onto Bonsly (this counts as evolving Bonsly) and remove all damage counters from Bonsly.
A|If Buizel has less Energy attached to it than the Defending Pokémon, this attack does 10 damage plus 10 more damage.
A|If Clefairy is evolved from Cleffa, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Clefairy from your hand onto Cleffa (this counts as evolving Cleffa) and remove all damage counters from Cleffa.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Confused, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If Marill is evolved from Azurill, this attack does 10 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Meditite during your opponent's next turn.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Mr. Mime from your hand onto Mime Jr. (this counts as evolving Mime Jr.) and remove all damage counters from Mime Jr.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, during your opponent's next turn, if Seedot would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, Seedot is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
T|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, put a basic Energy card from your discard pile into your hand. If you don't have that many basic Energy cards in your discard pile, put all of them into your hand.
T|Choose 1 of your Pokémon. Flip 2 coins. If both are heads, remove all damage counters from that Pokémon. If both are tails, discard all Energy cards attached to that Pokémon.
T|Look at the top 2 cards of your deck, choose 1 of them, and put it into your hand. Put the other card on the bottom of your deck.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Reveal the top 5 cards of your deck. Your opponent chooses 3 of those cards. Put those cards into your hand and put other 2 cards on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Once during each player's turn, the player may flip a coin until he or she gets tails. For each heads, that player draws a card.
A|Search your discard pile for all Energy cards and show them to your opponent. If you find any Metal Special Energy cards there this attack does 40 damage plus 30 more damage. Put all of those Energy cards on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Your opponent flips a coin until he or she gets heads. For each tails, remove an Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon and put it on the bottom of your opponent's deck.
A|Before Ambipom does damage, your opponent may discard 2 cards from his or her hand. If he or she does, this attack's base damage is 10 instead of 80.
A|During your opponent's next turn, your opponent can't attach any Special Energy cards from his or her hand to any of his or her Pokémon.
P|If you have Uxie and Mesprit in play, the attack cost of each of your opponent's Basic Pokémon's attacks is Colorless more. You can't use more than 1 Downer Material Poké-Body each turn.
A|You may move any number of basic Grass Energy cards attached to your Pokémon to your other Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Choose as many Energy cards from your hand as you like and show them to your opponent. This attack does 20 damage times the number of Energy cards you chose. Put those Energy cards on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip 3 coins. If the first coin is heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Poisoned. If the second coin is heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Burned. If the third coin is heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
A|If your opponent has any Fire Pokémon in play, this attack does 60 damage plus 30 more damage.
P|If you have Uxie and Azelf in play, the Retreat Cost for each Uxie, Mesprit, and Azelf (both yours and your opponent's) is 0.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Lightning Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Discard a Water Energy attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|If your opponent has only 1 Prize card left, this attack does 40 damage plus 40 more damage and discard the top 3 cards from your opponent's deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
P|The Retreat Cost for each player's Pokémon (excluding Ariados) is Colorless more.
P|Prevent all damage done to your Benched Pokémon by your opponent's attacks.
A|Draw a card. If Chingling is anywhere under Chimecho, draw 2 more cards.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Basic Pokémon, that Pokémon is now Confused.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Crobat from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Poisoned. Put 2 damage counters instead of 1 on that Pokémon between turns.
A|Flip a coin for each basic Energy card attached to Exeggutor and to the Defending Pokémon. This attack does 30 damage times the number of heads.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Grass Energy cards and attach them to any of your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't play any Trainer cards or Supporter cards from his or her hand during your opponent's next turn.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, choose 1 card from your opponent's hand without looking and discard it. If the first coin is tails, Gyarados is now Confused.
P|Gyarados can use any attack from its Basic Pokémon. (You still have to pay for that attack's Energy cost.) If Gyarados uses any attack from its Basic Pokémon, that attack does 30 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Does 20 damage times the number of basic Energy cards attached to Manectric.
A|Mantine can't use Giant Wave during your next turn.
P|If Mantyke is anywhere under Mantine, the Retreat Cost for each of your Water Pokémon is ColorlessColorless less.
P|If your opponent's Pokémon that has 2 or less Energy cards attached to it attacks Mr. Mime, prevent all damage done to Mr. Mime from that attack. If Mime Jr. is anywhere under Mr. Mime, prevent all effects of that attack, including damage, done to Mr. Mime.
A|If you have the same number of or less Benched Pokémon than your opponent, this attack's base damage is 50 instead of 90.
P|The attack cost of your Nidoran ♀, Nidorina, Nidoran ♂, Nidorino, and Nidoking's attacks is Colorless less.
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to Ninetales.
A|As long as the Defending Pokémon's remaining HP is 60 or less, this attack's base damage is 60 instead of 30.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Slaking is your Active Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, Slaking's Lazy Blow attack's base damage is 130 during this turn. If tails, Slaking can't attack or retreat during this turn. (If Slaking is no longer your Active Pokémon, this effect ends.)
A|If Bonsly is anywhere under Sudowoodo, flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Sudowoodo during your opponent's next turn.
P|Your opponent can't remove the Special Condition Poisoned by evolving or devolving his or her Poisoned Pokémon. (This also includes putting a Pokémon Level-Up card onto the Poisoned Pokémon.)
A|Choose an Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon and put it face down. Treat that card as a Special Energy card that provides Colorless Energy and doesn't have any effect other than providing Energy. Put that card face up at the end of your opponent's next turn.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown I, Unown T, Unown E, and Unown M on your Bench, you may search your deck for a Trainer card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use more than 1 ITEM Poké-Power each turn.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Walrein from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may flip 2 coins. If both are heads, discard 1 of the Defending Pokémon and all cards attached to it. (This doesn't count as a Knocked Out Pokémon.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Chimecho from your hand onto Chingling (this counts as evolving Chingling) and remove all damage counters from Chingling.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Croconaw from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may look at the top 5 cards of your deck. Choose all Energy cards you find there, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Put the other cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Choose 3 of your opponent's Evolved Pokémon. This attack does 30 damage to each of them. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Search your discard pile for up to 2 Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Chansey from your hand onto Happiny (this counts as evolving Happiny) and remove all damage counters from Happiny.
A|Does 20 damage times the number of Colorless Energy in the Defending Pokémon's Retreat Cost (after applying effects to the Retreat Cost).
A|Search your discard pile for up to 2 Pokémon, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Special Energy cards attached to it, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage. Then, discard a Special Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 40 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If Parasect evolved from Paras during this turn, this attack does 40 damage and the Defending Pokémon is now Asleep and Poisoned.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, that Pokémon is now Poisoned.
A|During your opponent's next turn, whenever your opponent flips a coin, treat it as tails.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown E is on your Bench, you may discard all cards attached to Unown E and attach Unown E to 1 of your Pokémon as a Pokémon Tool card. As long as Unown E is attached to a Pokémon, that Pokémon gets +10 HP.
A|If Vigoroth evolved from Slakoth during this turn and Slakoth was Asleep, this attack's base damage is 60 instead of 10.
A|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck, choose 1 of them, and put it into your hand. Put the other 4 cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search your deck for Alakazam and put it on Abra (this counts as evolving Abra). Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't play any Supporter cards from his or her hand during his or her next turn.
A|Doduo can't use Accelerating Stab during your next turn.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't attach any Energy cards from his or her hand to the Active Pokémon during his or her next turn.
A|Flip a coin for each Energy attached to Exeggcute. Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. For each heads, this attack does 10 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Finneon during your opponent's next turn.
A|Choose 2 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage to each of them. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|You may discard the top card of your deck. If you do, this attack does 10 damage plus 10 more damage and Larvitar is now Asleep.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Magmar from your hand onto Magby (this counts as evolving Magby) and remove all damage counters from Magby.
A|Search your deck for Nidoran ♂ or Nidoran ♀ and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Pikachu from your hand onto Pichu (this counts as evolving Pichu) and remove all damage counters from Pichu.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card and attach it to Shinx.
A|Both Slakoth and the Defending Pokémon are now Asleep.
A|Remove all Special Conditions and 2 damage counters from Teddiursa. Teddiursa is now Asleep.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 10 damage plus 10 more damage.
T|Look at the 7 cards from the bottom of your deck. Choose 1 Pokémon you find there, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Put the remaining cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Apply Weakness for each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) as ×2 instead.
T|Search your discard pile for up to 3 in any combination of Pokémon and basic Energy cards. Show them to your opponent and shuffle them into your deck.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Each player shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck, and you and your opponent play "Rock-Paper-Scissors." The player who wins draws up to 6 cards. The player who loses draws up to 3 cards. (You draw your cards first.)
A|Discard all of your opponent's Pokémon Tool cards and Stadium cards in play. If you do, prevent all effects, including damage, done to Electivire during your opponent's next turn.
P|As long as Electivire is your Active Pokémon, whenever your opponent attaches an Energy card from his or her hand to 1 of his or her Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done to Lucario by attacks is increased by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Lucario LV.X from your hand onto your Active Lucario, you may use this power. Prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Lucario during your opponent's next turn. (If Lucario is no longer your Active Pokémon, this effect ends.)
T|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, search your discard pile for a Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
P|After your opponent plays a Supporter card from his or her hand, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Jamming Poké-Body each turn.
P|If your opponent has 3 or less Prize cards left, each of Charizard's attacks does 50 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Whenever 1 of your opponent's Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from Entei's attacks, discard the top 3 cards from your opponent's deck.
A|If you attach a Fighting Energy card from your hand to Flygon during this turn, this attack does 60 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|During your opponent's next turn, your opponent can't use any Poké-Powers on his or her Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Gastrodon West Sea in play, you may move up to 3 damage counters from Gastrodon East Sea to 1 of your Gastrodon West Sea.
A|This attack does 20 damage times the number of different types of basic Energy cards attached to Ho-Oh.
P|Once during your opponent's turn, if Ho-Oh would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, you may flip a coin. If heads, Ho-Oh isn't discarded. Instead, remove all damage counters, Special Conditions, and other effects from Ho-Oh. Then, discard all cards attached to Ho-Oh (except for Energy cards). This counts as Ho-Oh being Knocked Out and your opponent takes a Prize card.
A|Flip 2 coins. Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. For each heads, this attack does 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Whenever Jumpluff would be damaged by your opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, prevent all damage done to Jumpluff by that attack.
A|During your next turn, Lickilicky can't attack.
P|At any time between turns, remove 1 damage counter from Ludicolo.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose an Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon and return it to your opponent's hand.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Energy cards attached to it, this attack's base damage is 40 instead of 120.
A|Choose an attack on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon in his or her discard pile. Re-creation copies that attack except for its Energy cost. (You must still do anything else required for that attack.) Mew performs that attack.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you attach a Lightning Energy card from your hand to Raikou, you may put 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Suicune from your hand onto your Bench, you may search your discard pile for up to 3 Water Pokémon, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
A|Choose a card from your opponent's hand without looking and discard it. If you discarded a Trainer, Supporter, or Stadium card, choose 1 more card from your opponent's hand without looking and discard it.
A|If you played Absol from your hand during this turn, this attack's base damage is 40 instead of 10.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Arcanine from your hand to evolve 1 of your Benched Pokémon, you may switch Arcanine with 1 of your Active Pokémon. If you do, you may move any number of Energy cards attached to that Pokémon to Arcanine.
A|Put as many damage counters as you like on Banette. (You can't put more than Banette's remaining HP.) Put that many damage counters on the Defending Pokémon.
A|If Banette is in your discard pile, this attack does 40 damage plus 40 more damage, then search your discard pile for Banette, show it to your opponent, and shuffle it into your deck.
P|Once during your turn, if Electrode would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, you may use this power. Electrode isn't discarded. Instead, attach it as an Energy card to 1 of your Pokémon. While attached, this card is a Special Energy card and provides every type of Energy but provides only 1 Energy at a time. (Has no effect other than providing Energy.)
A|You may do 40 damage plus 20 more damage. If you do, Golduck is now Confused.
A|Does 20 damage times the number of Fire Energy attached to Magmortar.
P|When you attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to Magmortar, remove 2 damage counters from Magmortar.
A|If you have Plusle on your Bench, you may move an Energy card attached to Minun to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|If Mothim has any damage counters on it, this attack does 30 damage plus 40 more damage.
A|If Pidgeot was damaged by an attack during your opponent's last turn, this attack does the same amount of damage done to Pidgeot to the Defending Pokémon.
A|If you have Minun on your Bench, you may do 20 damage to any 1 Benched Pokémon instead. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If the Defending Pokémon has 2 or more damage counters on it, this attack does 60 damage plus 20 more damage. This attack damage isn't affected by Weakness, Resistance, Poké-Powers, Poké-Bodies, or any other effects on that Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown S, Unown E, and Unown T on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for an Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it on top of your deck.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Darkness Energy cards and attach them to any of your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If your opponent has 6 or more cards in his or her hand, discard a number of cards without looking until your opponent has 5 cards left in his or her hand.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Each of your Active Pokémon's type is Darkness until the end of your turn. If that Pokémon is no longer your Active Pokémon, this effect ends.
P|If Wormadam Plant Cloak has 2 or more Grass Energy attached to it, Wormadam Plant Cloak gets +40 HP.
P|Once during your turn, if Xatu is on your Bench, you may choose 1 Special Condition from 1 of your Active Pokémon and remove that Special Condition. Then, 1 of the Defending Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition that you chose.
A|Remove from Breloom a number of damage counters equal to the amount of Energy attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon's Retreat Cost is 0, this attack does 60 damage plus 60 more damage.
A|Flip 4 coins. For each heads, choose an opponent's Pokémon in play and this attack does 20 damage to those Pokémon. (You may choose the same Pokémon more than once.) (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If the Defending Pokémon has a Pokémon Tool card attached to it, this attack does 70 damage plus 60 more damage.
A|During your next turn, Farfetch'd can't use Leek Slap.
A|Search your discard pile for a Supporter card and use the effect of that card as the effect of this attack. (The Supporter card remains in your discard pile.)
P|At the end of each player's turn, each of your opponent's Active Pokémon that has any Grass Energy attached to it is now Poisoned. If that Pokémon is already Poisoned, Toxic Sludge Poké-Body does nothing to that Pokémon.
A|Flip 2 coins. If either of them is tails, this attack's base damage is 10 instead of 100.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Quagsire is your Active Pokémon and the Defending Pokémon has any Water Energy attached to it, you may remove 3 damage counters from Quagsire.
A|If Raticate has any Darkness Energy attached to it, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck. Choose as many Trainer cards as you like, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Put the other cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If you and your opponent have a different number of Prize cards left, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose an attack on 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. Trace copies that attack except for its Energy cost. (You must still do anything else required for that attack.) Smeargle performs that attack.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose a Special Energy card attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon and have your opponent shuffle that card into his or her deck.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Jynx from your hand onto Smoochum (this counts as evolving Smoochum) and remove all damage counters from Smoochum.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove 2 damage counters from 1 of the Defending Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown N, Unown O, and Unown D on your Bench, you may ask your opponent to take a Prize card. If he or she does, you take a Prize card. If he or she doesn't, draw a card.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown O, Unown N, and Unown E on your Bench and you have 1 card left in your hand, you may draw cards until you have 7 cards in your hand.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown X on your Bench, you may look at the top card of your opponent's deck and put it back on top of his or her deck.
A|Remove as many damage counters as you like from each Unown you have in play. Put that many damage counters on the Defending Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown Z is on your Bench and you have no cards in your deck, you may discard all cards attached to Unown Z and put Unown Z on top of your deck.
A|Prevent all effects of an attack, excluding damage, done to Venomoth during your opponent's next turn.
A|Wartortle can't use Giant Wave during your next turn.
A|If Burmy Plant Cloak has any Grass Energy attached to it, this attack does 10 damage plus 10 more damage.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Burmy Plant Cloak is your Active Pokémon, you may search your discard pile for a basic Grass Energy card and attach it to Burmy Plant Cloak.
A|If Burmy Sandy Cloak has any Fighting Energy attached to it, this attack does 10 damage plus 10 more damage.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Burmy Sandy Cloak is your Active Pokémon, you may search your discard for a basic Fighting Energy card and attach it to Burmy Sandy Cloak.
A|If Burmy Trash Cloak has any Metal Energy attached to it, this attack does 10 damage plus 10 more damage.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Burmy Trash Cloak is your Active Pokémon, you may search your discard for a basic Metal Energy card and attach it to Burmy Trash Cloak.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose a card from your opponent's hand without looking and discard it.
A|Draw a card from the bottom of your deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 card from your opponent's hand without looking. Look at that card you chose, then have your opponent shuffle that card into his or her deck.
A|Remove all Special Conditions from Hoppip.
P|If Hoppip has any Grass Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Hoppip is 0.
A|If Lotad has less Energy attached to it than the Defending Pokémon, this attack does 10 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Look at the top 5 cards of either player's deck and put them back on top of that player's deck in any order.
A|Flip 2 coins. If either of them is heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Poisoned.
A|If Psyduck is Confused, draw 2 cards.
P|Once during your opponent's turn, if Qwilfish is your Active Pokémon and is damage by an attack (even if Qwilfish is Knocked Out), you may flip a coin. If heads, the Attacking Pokémon is now Poisoned. Put 2 damage counters instead of 1 on that Pokémon between turns.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 in any combination of Shellos West Sea and Shellos East Sea and put them on your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Draw a card from the top and the bottom of your deck.
A|If any basic Energy card attached to Spinda is the same type as any Energy attached to the Defending Pokémon, this attack does 10 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|If the Defending Pokémon isn't an Evolved Pokémon, that Pokémon is now Confused.
A|Choose 1 Pokémon (yours or your opponent's) with the fewest remaining HP (excluding Gardevoir) and that Pokémon is now Knocked Out.
A|If the Defending Pokémon would be Knocked Out by damage from this attack, you may search your discard pile for any 1 card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
A|Search your discard pile for a Fire Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for an Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Cresselia, this attack's base damage is 100.
A|You may have your opponent switch the Defending Pokémon with 1 or his or her Benched Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Asleep, this attack does 40 damage plus 40 more damage. If the Defending Pokémon is not Asleep, that Pokémon is now Asleep.
A|Choose 1 card from your opponent's hand without looking. Look at that card you chose, then have your opponent shuffle that card into his or her deck.
P|Each basic Grass Energy card attached to your Grass Pokémon provides GrassGrass Energy instead. You can't use more than 1 Wild Growth Poké-Body each turn.
A|Discard the top card from your opponent's deck.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage for each basic Energy card attached to Tangrowth to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Once during your turn, when you play Togekiss from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may look at the top 10 cards of your deck, choose as many basic Energy cards as you like, and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Put the other cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|You may discard a Fire or Darkness Energy attached to Houndoom. If you discard a Fire Energy, the Defending Pokémon is now Burned. If you discard a Darkness Energy, this attack does 40 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Asleep, move all damage counters from Hypno to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for a Pokémon Tool Card, a Supporter card, and a basic Energy card, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Remove 2 damage counters and all Special Conditions from Latias.
A|Discard a Fire Energy and a Water Energy attached to Latias.
A|Choose 1 face-down Prize card (yours or your opponent's) and put it face up. If that card is a Supporter card, use the effect of that card as the effect of this attack. (That card remains face up for the rest of the game.)
A|During your next turn, if an attack does damage to the Defending Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), that attack does 20 more damage.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown H, Unown E, Unown A, and Unown L on your Bench, you may remove all Special Conditions from 1 of your Active Pokémon.
A|If Wailord has any damage counters on it, Wailord is now Asleep.
P|At any time between turns, each player puts 1 more damage counter on his or her Poisoned Pokémon.
A|If Igglybuff is anywhere under Wigglytuff, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Poisoned, this attack does 10 damage plus 40 more damage. If the Defending Pokémon is not Poisoned, that Pokémon is now Poisoned.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 50 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for any 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Floatzel during your opponent's next turn.
A|Switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage to the new Defending Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Grass Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If Hariyama has fewer remaining HP than the Defending Pokémon, this attack's base damage is 80.
A|If Huntail has any Darkness Energy attached to it, this attack does 30 damage plus 20 more damage and discard a Special Energy card, if any, attached to the Defending Pokémon.
P|Magcargo can't be Asleep or Paralyzed.
A|Choose up to 2 basic Water Energy cards from your hand and attach them to Pelipper. Remove 2 damage counters for each Energy card attached in this way.
A|Does 30 times the number of Energy cards attached to Pelipper. Then, put all Energy cards attached to Pelipper on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Both Relicanth and the Defending Pokémon are now Asleep.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't play any Trainer cards from his or her hand during your opponent's next turn.
A|Your opponent may draw a card.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown F is on your Bench, you may use this power. Put a coin next to your Active Pokémon without showing your opponent and cover it with your hand. Your opponent guesses if the coin is heads or tails. If he or she is wrong, draw a card.
A|If Unown G has any damage counters on it, this attack's base damage is 10.
A|If your opponent has Seviper in play, this attack does 40 damage plus 50 more damage.
A|Switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon.
A|Draw a card. If you didn't play any Supporter card from your hand during this turn, draw 2 more cards.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Jigglypuff from your hand onto Igglybuff (this counts as evolving Igglybuff) and remove all damage counters from Igglybuff.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Poké-Bodies, that Pokémon is now Asleep.
A|Reveal the top card of your deck and put it into your hand. If that card is a Pokémon, draw 2 cards.
A|If Luvdisc and the Defending Pokémon have the same amount of Energy attached to them, this attack does 10 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Remove all Special Conditions and 3 damage counters from Slowpoke. Slowpoke is now Asleep.
A|Search your discard pile for a basic Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|If you have Lunatone in play, damage done to your opponent's Pokémon by your Psychic or Fighting Pokémon isn't affected by resistance.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Swablu during your opponent's next turn.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search either player's discard pile for up to any 2 cards, show them to your opponent, and put them on top of that player's deck in any order you like.
P|Unown L can use any attack from any Unown in play (both yours and your opponent's). (You still have to pay for that attack's Energy cost.)
A|Search your discard pile for any 1 card, show it to your opponent, and put it on top of your deck.
T|Attach Amulet Coin to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. If the Pokémon Amulet Coin is attached to is your Active Pokémon at the end of your turn, draw a card.
T|Attach Leftovers to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. If the Pokémon Leftovers is attached to is your Active Pokémon at the end of your turn, remove 1 damage counter from the Pokémon.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. The Retreat Cost for each Psychic and Darkness Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) is 0.
T|Search your deck or your discard pile for a Pokémon LV.X, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. If you search your deck, shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Choose 1 of your Basic Pokémon in play. If you have a Stage 1 or Stage 2 card that evolves from that Pokémon in your hand, put that card on the Basic Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.)
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Knocked Out by this attack, take 1 more Prize card.
P|Each basic Darkness Energy card attached to your Darkness Pokémon now has the effect "If the Pokémon Darkness Energy is attached to attacks, the attack does 10 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance)." You can't use more than 1 Dark Shadow Poké-Body each turn.
A|During your next turn, Dialga can't use Metal Flash.
A|You may move all Energy cards attached to Palkia to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. (Ignore this effect if you don't have any Benched Pokémon.)
P|Once during your turn, when you put Articuno from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Darkrai from your hand onto your Bench, you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Asleep.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Glaceon during your opponent's next turn.
A|You may attach up to 2 basic Water Energy cards from your hand to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
P|When you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Manaphy, remove 2 damage counters from Manaphy.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 2 Energy cards and attach them to Mewtwo.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Moltres from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for up to 3 Fire Energy cards and attach them to Moltres.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from 1 of your Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 2 basic Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Move an Energy card attached to Rotom to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Zapdos from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|After your opponent's Pokémon uses a Poké-Power, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
A|You may move an Energy card attached to Espeon to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Each of your Pokémon that evolves from Eevee gets +20 HP. You can't use more than 1 Sunlight Veil Poké-Body each turn.
A|Search your discard pile for a Fighting Energy card and attach it to Hippowdon.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Omastar from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may remove the highest Stage Evolution card from each of your opponent's Benched Evolved Pokémon and put those cards back into his or her hand. You can't use more than 1 Primal Swirl Poké-Power each turn.
A|If Minun is on your Bench, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Special Energy cards attached to it, this attack does 30 damage plus 50 more damage.
A|Torterra can't use Frenzy Plant during your next turn.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown P is on your Bench, you may put 1 damage counter on 1 of your Pokémon (excluding any Unown).
A|Attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Does 30 damage times the number of different types of Wormadam on your Bench.
P|Any damage done by attacks from your Pokémon to the Defending Pokémon isn't affected by Resistance.
A|Search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Raichu during your opponent's next turn.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown Q is on your Bench, you may discard all cards attached to Unown Q and attach Unown Q to 1 of your Pokémon as a Pokémon Tool card. As long as Unown Q is attached to a Pokémon, you pay Colorless less to retreat that Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Burmy Sandy Cloak during your opponent's next turn.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Whenever any player attaches an Energy card from his or her hand to Grass Pokémon or Water Pokémon, remove 1 damage counter and all Special Conditions from that Pokémon.
T|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, put a Basic Energy card from your discard pile into your hand. If you don't have that many basic Energy cards in your discard pile, put all of them into your hand.
A|Search your discard pile for a Pokémon (excluding Pokémon LV.X) and put it onto your Bench as a Basic Pokémon. Then, you may search your discard pile for up to 3 basic Energy cards and attach them to that Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Garchomp LV.X from your hand onto your Active Garchomp, you may flip 3 coins. For each heads, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Porygon-Z LV.X from your hand onto your Active Porygon-Z, you may discard all of your opponent's Special Energy cards in play.
A|Flip a coin for each of your opponent's Pokémon. If that coin flip is heads, this attack does 50 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Discard a Psychic Energy attached to Froslass. During your opponent's next turn, if Froslass would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, the Attacking Pokémon is Knocked Out.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.) Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Giratina during your opponent's next turn.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is affected by a Special Condition, this attack does 40 damage plus 40 more damage.
A|Search your discard pile for as many Water Energy cards as you like, show them to your opponent, and this attack does 10 damage for each Water Energy card you chose. Put those cards on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card and attach it to Luxray.
P|If your opponent has any Pokémon LV.X in play, each of Luxray's attacks does 50 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|If you have Poliwag, Poliwhirl, and Poliwrath in play, each of these Pokémon's attacks does 60 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Choose a number of your opponent's Benched Pokémon up to the amount of Metal Energy attached to Probopass. This attack does 20 damage to each of them. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack's base damage is 40 instead of 120.
P|Regigigas can't attack until your opponent has 3 or less Prize cards left.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Spiritomb from your hand onto your Bench, you may put 1 damage counter on all Pokémon that already have any damage counters on them (both yours and your opponent's). You can't use more than 1 Curse Breath Poké-Power each turn.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Azelf from your hand onto your Bench, you may look at all of your face-down Prize cards. If you do, you may choose 1 Pokémon you find there, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Then, choose 1 card in your hand and put it as a Prize card face down.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent returns the Defending Pokémon and all cards attached to it to his or her hand.
A|If Crawdaunt has a Technical Machine card attached to it, this attack does 50 damage plus 30 more damage.
P|As long as Ditto is your Active Pokémon, its maximum HP is the same as your opponent's Active Pokémon. Ditto can use the attacks of that Pokémon as its own. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.) If that Pokémon is no longer your opponent's Active Pokémon, choose 1 of your opponent's Active Pokémon for Ditto to copy.
P|Whenever you attach a basic Energy card from your hand to Forretress (excluding effects of attacks), you may flip a coin. If tails, put 2 damage counters on each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) (excluding any Forretress).
A|Choose up to 2 basic Fighting Energy cards from your hand and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for any 1 card. Shuffle your deck, then put that card on top of your deck.
A|Choose up to 2 basic Water Energy cards from your hand and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is an Evolved Pokémon, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|If you have the same number of cards in your hand as your opponent, this attack does 20 damage plus 50 more damage.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Mesprit from your hand onto your Bench, you may use this power. Your opponent can't use any Poké-Powers on his or her Pokémon during your opponent's next turn.
P|When you attach an Energy card from your hand to Regigigas, remove all Special Conditions from Regigigas.
P|Once during your opponent's turn, if Shedinja would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, you may put 4 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon and each of the opponent's Pokémon that has the same name as the Attacking Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Unown ! from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If tails, put 2 damage counters on 1 of your Pokémon.
A|You may put Uxie and all cards attached to it on the bottom of your deck in any order.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Uxie from your hand onto your Bench, you may draw cards until you have 7 cards in your hand.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't play any Trainer, Supporter, or Stadium cards from his or her hand during your opponent's next turn.
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to Castform Sunny Form.
A|Each player counts the number of cards in his or her opponent's hand. Each player shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck. Then, each player draws a number of cards up to the number of cards his or her opponent had. (You draw your cards first.)
P|If you have less Benched Pokémon than your opponent, each of Houndoom's attacks does 40 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Move an Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon to another of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 60 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Flip a coin. If tails, Marowak can't use Heavy Bone during your next turn.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Metang during your opponent's next turn.
A|If the Defending Pokémon isn't an Evolved Pokémon, that Pokémon can't attack, retreat, or use any Poké-Powers during your opponent's next turn.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Ninjask from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon and if your Bench isn't full, you may put Shedinja onto your Bench as a Basic Pokémon from your hand or your discard pile.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that has any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies. This attack does 50 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Before doing damage, count the remaining HP of the Defending Pokémon and Swalot. If the Defending Pokémon has fewer remaining HP than Swalot's, this attack does 80 damage instead.
A|If Swellow was on your Bench this turn, this attack's base damage is 60 instead of 30.
P|If Swellow has no Energy attached to it, Swellow's Retreat Cost is 0.
A|Flip a coin for each Tauros you have in play. This attack does 20 damage times the number of heads.
A|Search your opponent's discard pile for up to 2 Energy cards and attach them to any of your opponent's Pokémon in any way you like. For each Energy card attached in this way, this attack does 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If Tentacruel has less Energy attached to it than the Defending Pokémon, the Defending Pokémon is now Paralyzed and Poisoned.
A|Remove the Special Condition Asleep from the Defending Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Unown J from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a Trainer card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
A|Move any number of basic Energy cards attached to your Pokémon to your other Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Search your deck for any 1 card and discard it. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown Y is on your Bench, you may remove 1 damage counter from 1 of your Active Unown and that Unown is now Asleep.
A|Discard up to 2 cards from your hand. For each card you discarded, draw a card.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Unown ? is on your Bench, you may choose a Pokémon in your hand and put it face down. Your opponent guesses a type of that Pokémon. Reveal that card. If your opponent guessed wrong, draw a card. Then, put that card back into your hand.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon can't use any Poké-Powers during your opponent's next turn.
A|Remove all Special Conditions and 4 damage counters from Buneary. Buneary is now Asleep.
A|If Chinchou has any Water Energy attached to it, this attack does 20 damage plus 10 more damage.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 card from your opponent's hand without looking and discard it.
A|If Tyrogue is anywhere under Hitmonchan, this attack's base damage is 60 instead of 30.
A|If Tyrogue is anywhere under Hitmonlee, you may do 30 damage to any 1 Benched Pokémon instead. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If your opponent has only 1 Prize card left, this attack does 10 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If Probopass is on your Bench, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Search your deck for a Lightning Energy card attach it to Shinx. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Tentacool during your opponent's next turn.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Hitmonlee, Hitmonchan, or Hitmontop from your hand onto Tyrogue (this counts as evolving Tyrogue) and remove all damage counters from Tyrogue.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Yanma during your opponent's next turn.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a basic Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon.
T|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck, choose as many Pokémon as you like, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Put the other cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each Pokémon that isn't an Evolved Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) gets +20 HP.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Once during each player's turn, that player may choose a Fire or Fighting Energy attached to 1 of his or her Pokémon and move that Energy to 1 of his or her Pokémon.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon for each Energy attached to all of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Gliscor LV.X from your hand onto your Active Gliscor, you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Paralyzed and Poisoned.
A|Discard the top 5 cards from your deck. This attack does 50 damage for each Energy card you discarded.
A|Search your discard pile for all Fighting Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and shuffle them into your deck.
A|Uxie can't use Zen Blade during your next turn.
A|Count the number of damage counters on Dusknoir. Put that many damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Dusknoir by your opponent's Pokémon that has 2 or less Energy attached to it during your opponent's next turn.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you play Empoleon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Active Pokémon, you may use this power. Your opponent can't attach any Energy cards from his or her hand to his or her Pokémon during your opponent's next turn.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done to Infernape by attacks is increased by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you play Infernape from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for up to 4 Fire Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Lumineon during your opponent's next turn.
A|Choose up to 4 in any combination of Pokémon Tool cards and Technical Machine cards in play (both yours and your opponent's) and discard them. This attack does 20 damage times the number of cards discarded in this way.
A|If your opponent has 4 or more Benched Pokémon, choose 1 of them and return that Pokémon and all cards attached to it to your opponent's hand.
A|Raichu can't use Slice during your next turn.
A|Move an Energy card attached to Raichu to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|If you have Regirock, Regice, and Registeel in play, the attack cost of Regigigas's attacks is Colorless less.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you play Torterra from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may choose as many of your Grass Pokémon in play as you like. For each Grass Pokémon you choose, search your deck for an Evolution card that evolves from that Pokémon and evolve it. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Put a number of damage counters on each of your opponent's Pokémon equal to the number of Colorless Energy in that Pokémon's Retreat Cost (after applying effects to the Retreat Cost).
P|Each of your Grass Pokémon's and Fire Pokémon's attacks does 10 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has 2 or more damage counters on it, this attack does 60 damage plus 20 more damage.
P|Once during your opponent's turn, if Gengar would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, you may flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon is Knocked Out.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, discard the top card from your opponent's deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy card from each of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon isn't an Evolved Pokémon, that Pokémon is Knocked Out instead of damaged by this attack.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Poisoned, this attack does 50 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Discard a Fire Energy and a Water Energy attached to Salamence.
P|If your opponent has any Pokémon in play that has maximum HP of 120 or more, ignore all Colorless Energy necessary to use Salamence's attacks.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Knocked Out by this attack, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Scizor during your opponent's next turn.
A|If you don't have any Pokémon with any Poké-Powers in play, this attack does 40 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Before doing damage, discard all Trainer cards attached to the Defending Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you play Skuntank from your hand to evolve 1 of your Active Pokémon, you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. If that Pokémon tries to attack during your opponent's next turn, that attack does nothing.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, put 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and all cards attached to it on top of your opponent's deck. Your opponent shuffles his or her deck afterward.
A|Choose a number of your opponent's Pokémon up to the amount of Energy attached to Steelix. This attack does 20 damage to each of them. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Flip 2 coins. If the first coin is heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Confused. If the second coin is heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Poisoned.
P|Remove 1 damage counter from Tangrowth between turns.
P|After your opponent's Pokémon uses a Poké-Power, you may search your discard pile for a basic Darkness Energy card and attach it to Tyranitar.
A|Flip 2 coins. If both are heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Burned, Paralyzed, and Poisoned.
A|Search your deck for a Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|You may discard a card from your hand. If you do, your opponent discards a card from his or her hand.
A|You may search your opponent's discard pile for up to 3 in any combination of Trainer, Supporter, or Stadium cards and put them into your opponent's hand.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 4 Lightning Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
A|Search your deck for a Supporter card and discard it. Shuffle your deck afterward. Then, use the effect of that card as the effect of this attack.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has fewer remaining HP than Sableye, this attack's base damage is 40.
P|If Sableye is your Active Pokémon at the beginning of the game, you go first. (If each player's Active Pokémon has the Overeager Poké-Body, this power does nothing.)
A|During your next turn, Scyther can't use Slashing Strike.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 30 damage to the Defending Pokémon. If tails, Bidoof does 10 damage to itself.
A|Put a number of damage counters on the Defending Pokémon equal to the number of Colorless Energy in Bronzor's Retreat Cost (after applying effects to the Retreat Cost).
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|You opponent can't play any Trainer cards from his or her hand during your opponent's next turn.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, draw a card.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if Onix would be damaged by an attack, prevent that attack's damage done to Onix if that damage is 40 or less.
A|If Pikachu evolved from Pichu during this turn, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Pikachu during your opponent's next turn.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Ponyta during your opponent's next turn.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Snover during your opponent's next turn.
A|Search your deck for a Basic Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If an attack does damage to the Defending Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), that attack does 20 more damage to that Pokémon until the end of your next turn.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Once during each player's turn, the player may flip a coin. If heads, that player searches his or her discard pile for a Lightning or Metal Energy card, shows it to the opponent, and puts it into his or her hand.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Search your discard pile for 2 different Trainer, Supporter, or Stadium cards, show them to your opponent, and your opponent chooses 1 of them. Put that card into your hand, and discard the other card. (If all Trainer, Supporter, and Stadium cards in your discard pile have the same name, choose 1 of them. Show that card to your opponent and put it into your hand.)
T|You may play 2 Poké Blower + at the same time. If you play 1 Poké Blower +, flip a coin. If heads, put 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If you play 2 Poké Blower +, choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch it with 1 of your opponent's Active Pokémon.
T|You may play 2 Poké Drawer + at the same time. If you play 1 Poké Drawer +, draw a card. If you play 2 Poké Drawer +, search your deck for up to 2 cards, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|You may play 2 Poké Healer + at the same time. If you play 1 Poké Healer +, remove 1 damage counter and a Special Condition from 1 of your Active Pokémon. If you play 2 Poké Healer +, remove 8 damage counters and all Special Conditions from 1 of your Active Pokémon.
P|If Dusknoir is your Active Pokémon and would be Knocked Out by damage from your opponent's attack, you may discard all cards attached to Dusknoir LV.X and put Dusknoir LV.X as a Stadium card into play instead of discarding it. This counts as Dusknoir being Knocked Out and your opponent takes a Prize card. As long as you have Dusknoir LV.X as a Stadium card in play, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon between turns. If another Stadium card comes into play or Dusknoir LV.X is discarded by the effects of any attacks, Poké-Powers, Poké-Bodies, Trainer, or Supporter cards, return Dusknoir LV.X to your hand.
P|Your opponent can't remove the Special Condition Burned by evolving or devolving his or her Burned Pokémon. (This also includes putting a Pokémon Level-Up card onto the Burned Pokémon.) Whenever your opponent flips a coin for the Special Condition Burned between turns, treat it as tails.
P|Once at the end of your turn, if Heatran is on your Bench, you may use this power. If you discarded basic Energy cards attached to your Fire or Metal Active Pokémon by using that Pokémon's attack this turn, attach up to 2 of those Energy cards to that Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if Machamp would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, flip a coin. If heads, Machamp is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
P|As long as Machamp is your Active Pokémon, each of Machamp's attacks does 60 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance) and any damage done to Machamp by your opponent's Pokémon is increased by 60 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Discard 2 Lightning Energy cards from your hand and choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This attack does 80 to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Discard the top card from your opponent's deck. Then, choose 1 card from your opponent's hand without looking and discard it. Regigigas can't use Giga Blaster during your next turn.
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to Charmander.
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to Charmeleon.
P|All Energy attached to Charizard are Fire Energy instead of their usual type.
P|If Drifloon has a Pokémon Tool card attached to it, Drifloon's Retreat Cost is ColorlessColorless more.
A|Put up to 3 damage counters on Duskull. Then, put that many damage counters on the Defending Pokémon.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card and attach it to Voltorb.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, remove 2 damage counters from each Active Pokémon (remove 1 damage counter if a Pokémon has only 1). If tails, each Active Pokémon is now Asleep.
A|Move up to 2 damage counters from Dusknoir to 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for a Pokémon LV.X that levels up from 1 of your Pokémon, and put it onto that Pokémon. (This counts as leveling up that Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, put damage counters on the Defending Pokémon until it is 10HP away from being Knocked Out. If you do, shuffle Gliscor and all cards attached to it back into your deck.
P|As long as Gliscor is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't remove any Special Conditions by evolving or devolving his or her Pokémon. (This also includes putting a Pokémon Level-Up card onto that Pokémon.)
P|Whenever your opponent's Pokémon tries to attack, your opponent discards 1 card from his or her hand. (If your opponent can't discard 1 card, your opponent's Pokémon can't attack.) You can't use more than 1 Invisible Tentacles Poké-Body each turn.
A|You may move any number of Energy cards attached to your Pokémon to your other Pokémon in any way you like.
P|If any of your Grass Pokémon were Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack during his or her last turn, each of Shaymin's attacks does 60 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Before doing damage, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch it with the Defending Pokémon.
A|Regigigas can't use Giga Hammer during your next turn.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage for each Energy attached to Carnivine G to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Probopass G's Retreat Cost is 0 until the end of your next turn.
A|Search your discard pile for an Energy card and attach it to Magnezone.
A|You may discard a Lightning Energy and a Metal Energy attached to Magnezone. If you do, this attack's base damage is 120 instead of 60.
P|If Rayquaza C is your Active Pokémon and is damaged but not Knocked Out by an opponent's attack, you may search your discard pile for an Energy card and attach it to Rayquaza C.
A|Flip 2 coins. If either of them is tails, this attack's base damage is 50 instead of 100.
P|If you have Darkrai in play, remove 1 damage counter from Cresselia between turns.
P|If you have Cresselia in play, each of Darkrai's attack does 20 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Arceus LV. X's type is the same type as its previous Level.
P|Arceus can use the attacks of all Arceus you have in play as its own. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
T|Search your deck for Arceus, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. During each player's turn, the player may move an Energy card attached to 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon to his or her Active Arceus as often as he or she likes.
P|Arceus LV.X's type is the same as its previous Level.
A|Discard the top card of your deck.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may have your opponent discard cards from his or her hand until he or she has 4 cards left in his or her hand.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for Fraxure, reveal it, and put it into your hand, Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|If this Pokémon is affected by a Special Condition, each of its attacks does 40 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|Before you flip a coin to decide who goes first in a game, you may play this card. Don't flip that coin, and you go first. If both players play First Ticket, flip the coin as normal. (You may play only 1 First Ticket before you flip that coin.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
A|If Alakazam and the Defending Pokémon don't have the same number of Energy cards attached to them, this attack's base damage is 20 instead of 80.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Poisoned, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Flip 2 coins. This attack does 20 times the number of heads.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Dragonite is on your Bench, you may reduce your Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost to 0.
A|If here are no damage counters on the Defending Pokémon, this attack's base damage is 40 instead of 70.
A|Don't apply Resistance.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Count the number of Energy cards attached to that Pokémon. Put that many damage counters on the Pokémon.
A|Flip 2 coins. If either of them is heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Confused.
A|Take a basic Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon and attach it to another of your Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Poliwrath is on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, take all Energy cards attached to your Active Pokémon, if any, and attach them to Poliwrath. Then switch Poliwrath with your Active Pokémon.
A|If there are any Lightning Energy cards in your discard pile, flip a coin. If heads, attach 1 of them to Raichu.
P|All Energy attached to Tyranitar is Darkness Energy instead of its usual type.
A|Discard 1 Fire Energy card attached to Charizard.
A|Count the number of Pokémon on your Bench. This attack does 10 times that number of damage to the Defending Pokémon, and Chansey does 10 times that number of damage to itself.
A|Discard 1 Fire Energy card attached to Charmeleon.
A|If you have any Benched Pokémon and if there are any basic Energy cards attached to Electabuzz, take 1 of those Energy cards and attach it to 1 of those Pokémon.
A|Choose 2 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon (1 if he or she has only 1). This attack does 10 damage to each of those Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Attach 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile to Kadabra (1 if you have only 1).
A|If your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, he or she chooses 1 of them and switches the Defending Pokémon with it. (Do the damage before switching the Pokémon.)
A|Discard a Fire Energy card attached to Cyndaquil.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, count the number of cards in your opponent's hand and draw that many cards.
T|Look at 7 cards from the top of your deck. You may choose a Basic Pokémon or Evolution card from those cards, show it your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle the rest into your deck.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Multi Technical Machine 01.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Remove all damage counters from 1 of your Pokémon. Then discard all Energy cards attached to it, if any.
T|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. Flip a coin. If heads, switch that Pokémon with the Defending Pokémon.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, shuffle 2 Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck (1 if you have only 1).
T|Attach Strength Charm to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Whenever an attack from the Pokémon that Strength Charm is attached to does damage (after applying Weakness and Resistance), the attack does 10 more damage. At the end of your turn in which this happens, discard Strength Charm.
T|Choose 1 of your Pokémon. Flip 2 coins. Remove 2 damage counters times the number of heads from that Pokémon. If the Pokémon has fewer damage counters than that, remove all of them.
A|If you have any Benched Pokémon and if there are any basic Energy cards attached to Ampharos, take 1 of those Energy cards and attach it to 1 of those Pokémon.
P|You pay Colorless less to retreat Arcanine for each Energy attached to it.
P|As long as Ariados is in play, each player must pay an additional Colorless to retreat his or her Active Pokémon. Gluey Slime can't make a player pay more than an additional Colorless to retreat a Pokémon, even if there is more than 1 Ariados in play.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Azumarill is on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, return Azumarill and all cards attached to it to your hand.
P|To attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to Entei, you must discard an Energy card attached to Entei. (Attach the Fire Energy, and then discard an Energy from Entei.)
A|Discard any number of Energy cards attached to any of your Pokémon. Flip a number of coins equal to the number of Energy cards discarded this way. This attack does 40 damage times the number of heads.
A|Flip a number of coins equal to the amount of Energy attached to Exeggutor. This attack does 20 damage times the number of heads.
A|Flip a coin. If tails, discard a Fire Energy card attached to Houndoom.
A|The Defending Pokémon can't use any Poké-Powers until the end of your opponent's next turn.
A|If the Defending Pokémon isn't Knocked Out by the damage from this attack, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch the Defending Pokémon with it.
A|Flip 2 coins. This attack does 30 times the number of heads.
P|During your opponent's turn, if Jumpluff would be damaged or affected by an opponent's attack and it already has at least 1 damage counter on it, flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of that attack (including damage).
A|Flip a coin. If heads, discard 1 Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon, if any.
A|Flip a number of coins equal to the amount of Grass Energy attached to Muk. If any of them are heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Poisoned and Burned.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose a Special Condition (Asleep, Burned, Confused, Paralyzed, or Poisoned). The Defending Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Burned, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Damage from this attack is reduced by 10 for each damage counter on Primeape.
A|Before doing damage, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with no damage counters on it and switch the Defending Pokémon with it.
P|Scizor can't be Poisoned.
A|Look at a number of cards on top of your opponent's deck equal to the number of Energy cards attached to the Defending Pokémon. Put those cards in any order, and then put them back on top of your opponent's deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, discard 1 Energy card attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Each player discards the top 3 cards from his or her deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't play Supporter cards during his or her next turn.
A|If there are any Lightning Energy cards in your discard pile, flip a coin. If heads, attach 1 of them to Zapdos.
A|Flip 2 coins. If 1 of them is heads, this attack does 20 damage. If both are heads, this attack does 50 damage. If both are tails, the Defending Pokémon is now Confused.
A|Discard a Fire Energy card attached to Growlithe.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch the Defending Pokémon with it.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is an Evolved Pokémon, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
P|You pay Colorless less to retreat Skiploom for each Grass Energy attached to it.
A|Attach up to 2 Grass Energy cards from your hand to Weepinbell.
A|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, remove 1 damage counter on Wooper.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done to Cubone by attacks is reduced by 20.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch the Defending Pokémon with it. The new Defending Pokémon is now Asleep.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for an Energy card and attach it to Eevee. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Attach an Energy card from your hand to Exeggcute.
A|If your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, he or she chooses 1 of them and switches the Defending Pokémon with it.
P|You pay Colorless less to retreat Hoppip for each Grass Energy attached to it.
A|Look at the top 3 cards of your deck, and then choose 1 of those cards and put it into your hand. Shuffle the rest into your deck afterward.
A|Your opponent discards the top card from his or her deck. Then you remove a damage counter from Larvitar.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon in play. This attack does 10 damage to that Pokémon. Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.
P|You pay Colorless less to retreat Magnemite for each Magnemite on your Bench.
A|Attach 1 Lightning Energy card from your discard pile to Mareep.
A|Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.
A|Flip a number of coins equal to the amount of Energy attached to Onix. This attack does 20 damage times the number of heads.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from Paras. Attach it to Paras. This counts as evolving Paras. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Discard a Fire Energy card attached to Ponyta.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose a Trainer card from your discard pile, show it to your opponent, and then shuffle it into your deck.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon is play. This attack does 10 damage to that Pokémon. Don't apply Weakness or Resistance for this attack.
A|Look at the top 3 cards of your opponent's deck. Put them back in the same order.
A|Search your discard pile for a Baby Pokémon, Basic Pokémon, Evolution card, or basic Energy card, show it to your opponent, and then put it into your hand.
A|Flip 2 coins. For each heads, search your deck for a basic Energy card. Show those cards to your opponent, and then put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If there are any Fire Energy cards in your discard pile, flip a coin. If heads, attach 1 of them to Vulpix.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Once during each player's turn (before attacking), if that player's Bench isn't full, that player flips a coin. If heads, that player shows his or her opponent a basic Energy card from his or her hand. Then, that player searches his or her deck for a Basic Pokémon card of the same type (color) as the revealed Energy card and puts it onto his or her Bench. The player shuffles his or her deck afterward.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Darkness Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Darkness Cube 01.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Fighting Pokémon in play. That Pokémon my use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Fighting Cube 01.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Fire Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Fire Cube 01.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Shuffle your deck. Then, look at the top 7 cards of your deck. Choose 1 of those cards and put it into your hand. Shuffle the rest into your deck afterward.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Grass Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Grass Cube 01.
T|Attach Healing Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool card attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. At the end of any turn, if the Pokémon this card is attached to has 20 HP or less, remove 3 damage counters from that Pokémon and discard this card.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Lightning Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Lightning Cube 01.
T|Attach Memory Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. The Pokémon this card is attached to can use any attack from its Basic Pokémon card or any Evolution card from which the Pokémon evolved. (You still have to pay for that attack's Energy cost.) Discard this card at the end of any turn the Pokémon attacks.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Metal Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Metal Cube 01.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Once during each of his or her turns, whenever a player attaches an Energy card from his or her hand to 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon, he or she removes 1 damage counter, if any, from that Pokémon.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Psychic Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may us this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Psychic Cube 01.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Look at the top 6 cards of your deck. Take all Basic Energy cards you find there, show them to your opponent, and then put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Flip 2 coins. If both are heads, discard all Energy cards attached to the Defending Pokémon. If both are tails, discard all Energy cards attached to your Active Pokémon. If 1 is heads and 1 is tails, this card does nothing.
T|Attach Time Shard to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool card attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out by damage from the Defending Pokémon's attack during your opponent's turn, you may return up to 2 basic Energy cards attached to that Pokémon to your hand.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Take 5 Baby Pokémon, Basic Pokémon, Evolution, and/or basic Energy cards from your discard pile and then show them to your opponent. Shuffle them into your deck.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Once during each player's turn (before attacking), that player may flip a coin. If heads, that player chooses 1 of his or her Evolved Pokémon in play and discards the top Evolution card from that Pokémon, devolving it.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Once during each of his or her turns, a player may discard a basic Energy card from his or her hand. If that player does, he or she chooses a basic Energy card from his or her discard pile, shows it to his or her opponent, and then puts it into his or her hand.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Water Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Water Cube 01.
A|Flip 2 coins. For each tails, discard 1 Energy card attached to Kingdra.
P|Whenever you attach a Water, Lightning, or Psychic basic Energy card from your hand to Kingdra, Kingdra's type (color) becomes the same as that Energy card type until the end of the turn.
P|Whenever you attach a Fire, Water, or Psychic basic Energy card from your hand to Lugia, Lugia's type (color) becomes the same as that Energy card type until the end of the turn.
P|Whenever you attach a Grass, Lightning, or Fire basic Energy card from your hand to Nidoking, Nidoking's type (color) becomes the same as that Energy card type until the end of the turn.
P|When you play Arcanine from your hand to evolve your Active Pokémon, you may flip 3 coins. For each heads, choose a basic Energy card from your discard pile and attach it to Arcanine.
A|If there are any Water Energy cards in your discard pile, flip a coin. If heads, attach 1 of them to Articuno.
P|When you play Beedrill from your hand to evolve your Active Pokémon, the Defending Pokémon is now Paralyzed and Poisoned.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't attach Energy cards from his or her hand to his or her Active Pokémon during his or her next turn.
P|Whenever you attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to Flareon, remove all Special Conditions affecting Flareon.
P|When you play Gengar from your hand to evolve your Active Pokémon, you may put a Basic Pokémon (excluding Baby Pokémon) from your discard pile onto your Bench. Then, flip 3 coins. For each heads, choose a basic Energy card from your discard pile and attach it to that Pokémon.
A|If Gyarados has 7 or more damage counters on it, this attack's base damage is 100.
P|When you play Gyarados from your hand to evolve your Active Pokémon, you may flip 2 coins. For each heads, discard an Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage plus 20 damage times the number of your opponent's Benched Pokémon minus the number of your Benched Pokémon. (For example, if your opponent has 3 Benched Pokémon and you have 1, this attack will do 30 damage plus 40 more damage.)
A|This attack does 10 damage to each Benched Pokémon with at least 1 Energy card attached to it (yours and your opponent's).
P|Whenever you attach a Lightning Energy card from your hand to Jolteon, remove all Special Conditions affecting Jolteon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, Ledian can't become affected by a Special Condition. (Any other effects of attacks, Poké-Powers, Poké-Bodies, and Trainer cards still happen.)
P|Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks done to Machamp.
A|You may discard a Fire or Fighting basic Energy card attached to Magcargo. If you discard a Fire Energy card in this way, the Defending Pokémon is now Burned. If you discard a Fighting Energy card in this way, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
P|When you play Magcargo from your hand to evolve your Active Pokémon, you may discard the top 3 cards of your deck and and then shuffle 3 basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck. If you do, your opponent does the same.
P|When you play Magneton from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may move any number of basic Energy cards attached to your other Pokémon to Magneton.
A|If Magneton and the Defending Pokémon don't have the same number of Energy cards attached to them, the player controlling the Active Pokémon with the fewest number of Energy cards attached to it switches 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon with his or her Active Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage plus 10 damage times the number of your Benched Pokémon minus the number of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. (For example, if your opponent has 1 Benched Pokémon and you have 3, this attack will do 30 damage plus 20 more damage.)
A|If there are any Fire Energy cards in your discard pile, flip a coin. If heads, attach 1 of them to Moltres.
A|Flip a coin. If tails, discard a Fire Energy card attached to Moltres.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Nidoqueen is on your Bench, you may search your deck for a card that evolves from your Active Pokémon and attach it to your Active Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|For each Benched Pokémon (yours and your opponent's), flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Attach any number of basic Energy cards from your hand to Politoed.
A|Move 2 Water Energy cards attached to Politoed to 1 or 2 of your Benched Pokémon. (You may put both on the same Pokémon or 1 each on 2 different Pokémon.) If you have no Benched Pokémon, ignore this effect.
A|This attack does 20 damage to each Pokémon with a Poké-Body or Poké-Power (yours and your opponent's). (Don't apply Weakness or Resistance.)
P|To attach a Lightning Energy card from your hand to Raikou, you must discard an Energy card attached to Raikou. (Attach the Lightning Energy, and then discard an Energy card from Raikou.)
P|All basic Energy cards attached to Steelix provide Metal Energy instead of their usual types.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Energy cards attached to it, flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of those Energy cards and move it to 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. If your opponent has no Benched Pokémon, ignore this effect.
P|Whenever you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Vaporeon, remove all Special Conditions affecting Vaporeon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose a card from your discard pile and put it on top of your deck.
P|You may attach any Technical Machine to Xatu.
A|If there are any Lightning Energy card in your discard pile, flip a coin. If heads, attach 1 of them to Electrode.
A|Count the number of your Pokémon in play with damage counters on them. Put that many damage counters on the Defending Pokémon.
A|Put an Omastar from your hand onto Omanyte. This counts as evolving Omanyte.
P|If Wobbuffet becomes Poisoned or Burned by the Defending Pokémon's attack during your opponent's turn, the Defending Pokémon becomes affected by the same Special Condition.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have a basic Energy card in your hand, you may search your deck for an Omanyte or Kabuto card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Then put a basic Energy card from your hand into your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Shuffle a basic Energy card from your discard pile into your deck.
A|Search your deck for a Technical Machine or Pokémon Tool card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Each basic Energy card attached to Ditto provides every type of Energy but provides only 1 Energy at a time.
A|Put a damage counter on the Defending Pokémon.
A|If Girafarig and the Defending Pokémon don't have the same number of Energy cards attached to them, this attack's base damage is 10 instead of 40.
A|You may discard up to 2 cards from your hand. If you do, draw that many cards.
A|If there are 4 or more damage counters on Heracross, this attack's base damage is 50 instead of 30.
A|Flip a coin. If tails, discard a Fire Energy card attached to Houndour.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done to Ledyba by attacks is reduced by 20.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card that evolves from Magikarp, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any basic Energy cards attached to it, flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of those Energy cards and move it to 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. If your opponent has no Benched Pokémon, ignore this effect.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Put a damage counter on that Pokémon.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that has a damage counter on it. This attack does 20 damage to that Pokémon. Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.
A|Look at the top 3 cards of either player's deck and rearrange them as you like.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Energy cards attached to it, flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of those Energy cards and discard it.
A|If your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, choose up to 2 of them. This attack does 10 damage to each of them. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, until the end of your opponent's next turn the Defending Pokémon can't attack or retreat.
A|If there are any damage counters on Sunkern, remove 1 of them.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage. If not, this attack does 40 damage.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Once during each player's turn (before he or she attacks), if he or she has not played a Supporter card, that player may reveal his or her hand to his or her opponent. If that player reveals his or her hand and there is no Supporter card there, that player draws a card.
T|You can play only 1 Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Search your deck for up to 2 Supporter and/or Stadium cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Attach Crystal Shard to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. As long as this card is attached to a Pokémon, that Pokémon's type (color) is Colorless. If that Pokémon attacks, discard this card at the end of the turn.
T|You can play only 1 Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Shuffle your hand into your deck and draw up to 4 cards. Your opponent does the same.
T|Reveal cards from your deck until you reveal an Evolution card. Show that card to your opponent and put it into your hand. Shuffle the other revealed cards into your deck. (If you don't reveal an Evolution card, shuffle all the revealed cards back into your deck.)
T|You can play only 1 Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Choose 4 basic Energy cards from your discard pile (if there are fewer basic Energy cards than choose, take all of them), show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
T|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Search your deck for a Baby Pokémon, Basic Pokémon, or Evolution card of the same type (color), show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Choose 1 of your Pokémon. Discard 1 or 2 basic Energy cards attached to that Pokémon. If you discarded 1 Energy card, remove up to 3 damage counters from that Pokémon. If you discarded 2 Energy cards, remove up to 5 damage counters from that Pokémon.
T|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, choose an Evolution card from your discard pile, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Evolved Fire, Lightning, or Fighting Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Miracle Plate α.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Evolved Fire, Water, or Psychic Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Miracle Sphere β.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Evolved Grass, Water, or Lightning Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Miracle Sphere γ.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Whenever a player tries to retreat a Pokémon during his or her turn, that player flips a coin. If heads, that player retreats that Pokémon (and discards Energy normally). If tails, that Pokémon can't retreat this turn (the player doesn't discard any Energy).
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Mystery Plate α.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Mystery Plate β.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Mystery Plate γ.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Pokémon in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Mystery Plate δ.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Once during each player's turn (before he or she attacks), if that player has an Evolution card in his or her hand, he or she may search his or her deck for a basic Energy card, show it to his or her opponent, and put it into his or her hand. Then that player chooses an Evolution card from his or her hand, shows it to his or her opponent, and puts it into his or her deck. That player shuffles his or her deck afterward.
T|You can play only 1 Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Choose 2 cards from your deck and shuffle the rest of your deck. Put the chosen cards on top of your deck in any order.
T|Attach Star Piece to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. At any time between turns, if the Pokémon this card is attached to is Benched and has 2 or more damage counters on it, search your deck for an Evolution card that Pokémon evolves into and put it on top of that Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward. Then, discard Star Piece.
T|You can play only 1 Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Look at the bottom 4 cards of your deck. Put 2 of those cards into your hand, and then return the remaining cards to the bottom of your deck in any order.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Once during each player's turn, that player may put an Omanyte or a Kabuto card from his or her discard pile onto his or her Bench. (Cards put on the Bench this way are considered Basic Pokémon.)
P|Whenever you attach a Grass, Water, or Psychic basic Energy card from your hand to Celebi, Celebi's type (color) becomes the same as that type of Energy until the end of the turn.
P|Whenever you attach a Fire, Lightning, or Fighting basic Energy card from your hand to Charizard, Charizard's type (color) becomes the same as that type of Energy until the end of the turn.
P|Whenever you attach a Grass, Fire, or Psychic basic Energy card from your hand to Crobat, Crobat's type (color) becomes the same as that type of Energy until the end of the turn.
P|Whenever you attach a Grass, Fire, or Fighting basic Energy card from your hand to Golem, Golem's type (color) becomes the same as that type of Energy until the end of the turn.
P|Whenever you attach a Fire, Water, or Lightning basic Energy card from your hand to Ho-oh, Ho-oh's type (color) becomes the same as that type of Energy until the end of the turn.
A|Remove a damage counter from Kabutops.
P|Whenever you attach a Water, Lightning, or Fighting basic Energy card from your hand to Kabutops, Kabutops's type (color) becomes the same as that type of Energy until the end of the turn.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Pokémon-ex, this attack does 40 damage plus 40 more damage.
A|Discard a Fire Energy card attached to Blaziken.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any damage counters on it, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If any of your opponent's Active Pokémon are Evolved Pokémon, search your deck for any 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|During your next turn, Spit Up's base damage is 70 instead of 30, and Swallow's base damage is 60 instead of 20.
A|Move 1 Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon to the other Defending Pokémon. (Ignore this effect if your opponent has only 1 Defending Pokémon.)
A|You may discard a Darkness Energy card attached to Sharpedo. If you do, this attack does 40 damage plus 30 more damage.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Swampert, remove 1 damage counter from Swampert.
P|When you attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to Combusken, remove all Special Conditions from Combusken.
A|Attach 1 Energy card from your discard pile to your Active Pokémon.
A|Attach a Lightning Energy card from your discard pile to Electrike.
P|When you attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to Grovyle, remove all Special Conditions from Grovyle.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, discard 1 Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|This attack's damage is not affected by Resistance.
P|When you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Marshtomp, remove all Special Conditions from Marshtomp.
A|Search your deck for 2 basic Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Remove all Special Conditions and 4 damage counters from Wailmer (all if there are less than 4). Wailmer is now Asleep.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done to Aron by attacks is reduced by 10.
A|Does 10 damage for each damage counter on Goldeen.
A|If Ralts and the Defending Pokémon have a different amount of Energy attached to them, this attack's base damage is 10 instead of 40.
A|Attach a basic Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If tails, discard a Fire Energy card attached to Torchic.
A|Search your deck for Silcoon and Beautifly, or Cascoon and Dustox cards. Show 1 card or both cards of a pair to your opponent and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Attach Lum Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. At any time between turns, if the Pokémon this card is attached to is affected by any Special Conditions, remove all of them. Then discard Lum Berry.
T|Attach Oran Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. At any time between turns, if the Pokémon this card is attached to has at least 2 damage counters on it, remove 2 damage counters from it. Then discard Oran Berry.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent switches 1 of his or her Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
T|Look at the top 3 cards of your deck, and choose a Basic Pokémon, Evolution card, or Energy card. Show it to your opponent and put it into your hand. Put the 2 other cards back on top of your deck in any order.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Draw cards from your deck until you have 6 cards in your hand.
A|Remove 2 damage counters (1 if there is only 1) from each of your Pokémon. Remove no damage counters from Chansey ex.
A|Attach up to 2 Energy cards from your discard pile to Mewtwo ex.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Scyther ex during your opponent's next turn.
A|Flip a coin for each of your Pokémon in play (including Sneasel ex). This attack does 20 damage times the number of heads.
A|If you have at least 3 Bellossom in play, this attack does 50 damage plus 50 more damage.
A|If your opponent has 5 of more cards in his or her hand, your opponent discards a number of cards until your opponent has 4 cards left in his or her hand.
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to Houndoom.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Darkness Pokémon or has Dark in its name, this attack does 40 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Stage 2 Evolved Pokémon, this attack does 60 damage plus 30 more damage.
P|If Poliwrath is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, the Attacking Pokémon is now Confused.
A|Before doing damage, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with the Defending Pokémon. If you do, this attack does 20 damage to the new Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch.
A|You may attach a basic Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Remove 1 damage counter and all Special Conditions from each of your Active Pokémon.
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck, then draw 6 cards.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has at least 2 damage counters on it, this attack does 20 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|During your next turn, Extra Comet Punch does 30 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Search your deck for a Water or Fighting Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex), show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search your discard pile for a basic Energy card and attach it to Lanturn.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Pokémon-ex, this attack does 40 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Scyther during your opponent's next turn.
P|Prevent all damage done to Shuckle by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
A|Flip a coin. If tails, discard a Fire Energy card attached to Cyndaquil.
P|Whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to Eevee, you may search your deck for a card that evolves from Eevee that is the same type as the Energy card you attached to Eevee. Put that card onto Eevee. (This counts as evolving Eevee.) Shuffle your deck afterward. This power can't be used when you attach an Energy card to Eevee as part of an attack's effect.
P|If Gligar has no Energy cards attached to it, Gligar's Retreat Cost is 0.
A|Search your discard pile for an Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
A|Search your discard pile for a Basic Pokémon, Evolution card, or basic Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
T|Attach Curse Powder to 1 of your Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Curse Powder is attached to is a Basic Pokémon or Pokémon-ex, discard Curse Powder. If the Pokémon that Curse Powder is attached to is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, put 3 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
T|Search your discard pile for basic Energy cards. You may either show 1 basic Energy card to your opponent and put it into your hand, or show 3 basic Energy cards to your opponent and shuffle them into your deck.
T|Attach Energy Root to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has Dark or an owner in its name) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Energy Root is attached to is Pokémon-ex or has Dark or an owner in its name, discard Energy Root. As long as Energy Root is attached to a Pokémon, that Pokémon gets +20 HP and can't use any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies.
T|Attach Fluffy Berry to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has Dark or an owner in its name) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Fluffy Berry is attached to is Pokémon-ex or has Dark or an owner in its name, discard Fluffy Berry. As long as Fluffy Berry is attached to a Pokémon, that Pokémon's Retreat Cost is 0.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Draw a card. If you don't have any Stage 2 Evolved Pokémon in play, draw 2 more cards.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch it with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch.
T|Attach Sitrus Berry to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has Dark or an owner in its name) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Sitrus Berry is attached to is Pokémon-ex or has Dark or an owner in its name, discard Sitrus Berry. At any time between turns, if the Pokémon this card is attached to has at least 3 damage counters on it, remove 3 damage counters from it. Then, discard Sitrus Berry.
T|Attach Solid Rage to 1 of your Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Solid Rage is attached to is a Basic Pokémon or Pokémon-ex, discard Solid Rage. If you have more Prize cards left than your opponent, the Pokémon that Solid Rage is attached to does 20 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Attach up to 3 Energy cards from your discard pile to Blissey ex.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Blissey ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may discard all Energy cards attached to any number of your Pokémon and remove all damage counters from those Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Espeon ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may choose 1 Evolved Pokémon on your opponent's Bench, remove the highest Stage Evolution card from that Pokémon, and put it back into his or her hand.
P|If Ho-Oh ex would be Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may move up to 2 Energy attached to Ho-Oh ex to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Discard a Fire Energy, Water Energy, and Lightning Energy attached to Lugia ex.
A|Before doing damage, count the remaining HP of the Defending Pokémon and Politoed ex. If the Defending Pokémon has fewer remaining HP than Politoed ex's, this attack does 120 damage instead.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is an Evolved Pokémon, this attack does 50 damage plus 30 more damage.
P|Steelix ex can't be Poisoned.
P|Once during your turn when you play Typhlosion ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, count the number of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. You may search your deck for up to that number of Fire Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Fire Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Discard a Special Energy card, if any, attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Your opponent discards the top card of his or her deck.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you play Umbreon ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch.
A|If you have less Prize cards left than your opponent, discard the top 10 cards from your deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, look at the top 4 cards of your opponent's deck, and put them back on top of your opponent's deck in any order. If tails, look at the top 4 cards of your deck, and put them back on top of your deck in any order.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Supporter cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Count the number of cards in your opponent's hand. Put that many damage counters on the Defending Pokémon.
A|Search your opponent's discard pile for a Supporter card and use the effect of that card as the effect of this attack. (The Supporter card remains in your opponent's discard pile.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of either player's Evolved Pokémon, remove the highest Stage Evolution card from that Pokémon, and put it into that player's hand.
A|If your opponent's Bench isn't full, look at his or her hand. Choose 1 Basic Pokémon you find there and put it onto your opponent's Bench. Then, switch it with the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch.
A|Flip 3 coins. If 1 of them is heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Asleep. If 2 of them are heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Confused. If all of them are heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards and attach them to any of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon that already have a Pokémon Tool attached to them). Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch. The new Defending Pokémon is now Burned and Confused.
A|Return Unown and all Energy cards attached to it to your hand.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 different types of basic Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has a Poké-Power or a Poké-Body, choose up to 2 basic Energy cards attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon and attach them to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a card, show it to your opponent, and put it on top of your deck.
A|Does 20 damage to each Pokémon that has any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies (both yours and your opponent's). Don't apply Weakness or Resistance.
A|Choose a card from your hand and put it face down. Your opponent guesses if the card is a Pokémon, Trainer, or Energy card. Reveal the card. If your opponent guessed wrong, draw 2 cards. Put the card back into your hand.
A|Your opponent can't play any Trainer cards (except for Supporter cards) from his or her hand during your opponent's next turn.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Dragonite during your opponent's next turn.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage for each damage counter on Gardevoir to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Does 10 damage plus 20 more damage times the number of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
A|Remove 2 damage counters fro Latias.
P|If you have Latios or Latios ex in play, the attack cost of Latias's Extra Crush is now Lightning MetalColorless.
P|If you have Latias or Latias ex in play, the attack cost of Latios's Psychic Force is now Lightning MetalColorless.
A|Choose a number of your opponent's Pokémon up to the amount of Energy attached to Marowak. This attack does 20 damage to each of them.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Metal Pokémon, this attack's base damage is 90.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Mewtwo from your hand onto your Bench, you may move any number of basic Energy cards attached to your Pokémon to your other Pokémon (excluding Mewtwo) in any way you like.
A|Discard a Metal Energy card attached to Salamence.
A|Return an Energy card attached to Starmie to your hand.
P|When your opponent attaches a Special Energy card from his or her hand to 1 of his or her Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Delta Moon Poké-Body each turn.
A|Choose a basic Energy card in your hand and show it to your opponent. Then, search your deck for a Basic Pokémon or Evolution card of that Energy type, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Marill from your hand onto Azurill (this counts as evolving Azurill) and remove all damage counters from Azurill.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Pokémon-ex, this attack does 30 damage plus 20 more damage.
P|Your opponent can't play any Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards from his or her hand to evolve an Active Pokémon and can't attach any Energy cards from his or her hand to an Asleep Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Pokémon-ex, that Pokémon can't attack during your opponent's next turn.
A|If Porygon2 has a Technical Machine card attached to it, the Defending Pokémon is now Asleep and Burned.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If Slowking has a Water Energy card attached to it, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage. If Slowking has a Psychic Energy card attached to it, discard a Special Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon, if any.
A|Draw a card. If Castform has any Holon Energy cards attached to it, draw 2 more cards.
A|Search your discard pile for an Energy card and attach it to Ditto.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Persian from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for any 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search your deck for a Metal Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex), show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Discard a Fire Energy card attached to Bagon.
A|Flip a coin. If tails, discard a Fire Energy card attached to Ditto.
A|Search your discard pile for a Metal Energy card and attach it to Eevee.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Discard a card from your hand. If you can't discard a card from your hand, you can't play this card. Search your discard pile for 3 basic Energy cards and any combination of 3 Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards, show them to your opponent, and put them on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Discard a card from your hand. If you can't discard a card from your hand, you can't play this card. Count the total number of Prize cards left (both yours and your opponent's). Look at that many cards from the top of your deck, choose as many Energy cards as you like, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Put the other cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each player's basic Energy cards attached to Pokémon that has δ on its card are both their usual Energy type and Metal type but provide only 1 Energy at a time. (Has no effect other than providing Energy.)
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each player that has any Pokémon in play that has δ on its card may draw a card once during his or her turn. If the player does, he or she discards a card from his or her hand.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Discard a card from your hand. If you can't discard a card from your hand, you can't play this card. If you have less cards in your hand than your opponent, draw cards until you have the same number of cards as your opponent.
T|Search your deck for a Supporter card that has Holon in its name, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. Or, search your discard pile for a Supporter card that has Holon in its name, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
T|Look at the top 7 cards from your deck. Choose a Basic Pokémon or Evolution card from those cards, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Put the other 6 cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Flareon ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may choose 1 of the Defending Pokémon. That Pokémon is now Burned and Confused.
A|Discard a Lightning Energy card attached to Jolteon ex.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Jolteon ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Vaporeon ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may have your opponent shuffle his or her hand into his or her deck. Then, your opponent draws up to 4 cards.
A|Count the number of Prize cards your opponent has taken. Search your discard pile for up to that many Fighting Energy cards and attach them to Groudon Star.
A|Discard a Fighting Energy card attached to Groudon Star.
A|Count the number of Prize cards your opponent has taken. Search your discard pile for up to that many Water Energy cards and attach them to Kyogre Star.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, each Defending Pokémon can't attack during your opponent's next turn.
A|Count the number of Prize cards your opponent has taken. Search your discard pile for up to that many Metal Energy cards and attach them to Metagross Star.
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all effects, including damage, done to Aerodactyl by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
A|Count the number of React Energy cards attached to Cradily and choose up to that number of your opponent's Evolved Pokémon. Remove the highest Stage Evolution card from each of those Pokémon, then have your opponent shuffle those cards into his or her deck.
A|Search your discard pile for an Energy card and attach it to Delcatty.
P|If Gengar would be Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage for each damage counter on Golem to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Search your discard pile for a basic Energy card and attach it to Kabutops.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Pokémon-ex, this attack does 50 damage plus 30 more damage.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Lapras onto your Bench from your hand, you may search your deck for a Supporter card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If Mew and the Defending Pokémon have a different amount of Energy attached to them, this attack's base damage is 20 instead of 50.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is an Evolved Pokémon, this attack does 40 damage plus 30 more damage.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Shiftry from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may choose 1 of your Evolved Pokémon in play (excluding any Shiftry). Return that Pokémon and all cards attached to it to your hand.
A|Search your deck for a Pokémon-ex, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Look at the top 5 cards on either player's deck and put them back on top of that player's deck in any order you like.
P|Each player's Active Basic Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) can't use any Poké-Powers.
P|Each React Energy card attached to all of your Huntail and Gorebyss provides 2 Energy of every type but has no effect other than providing Energy.
P|If Magneton would be Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may move any number of React Energy cards from Magneton to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Before doing damage, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch it with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch.
A|Search your deck for a Grass Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex), show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Does 20 damage to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, draw 2 cards.
P|As long as Spinda is your Active Pokémon, whenever your opponent's Basic Pokémon tries to attack, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, that attack does nothing. You can't use more than 1 Pattern Distraction Poké-Body each turn.
A|Search your deck for a Fire Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex), show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search your deck for Omanyte, Kabuto, Aerodactyl, Lileep, or Anorith and put up to 2 of them onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward. Treat the new Benched Pokémon as Basic Pokémon.
A|Draw 2 cards from the bottom of your deck.
A|If your opponent has any Evolved Pokémon in play, choose 1 of them and flip a coin. If heads, remove the highest Stage Evolution card on that Pokémon and have your opponent shuffle it into his or her deck.
P|If Kecleon has any React Energy cards attached to it, Kecleon is Grass, Fire, Water, Lightning, Psychic, and Fighting type.
A|Remove all Special Conditions and 5 damage counters (all if there are less than 5) from Lairon. Lairon is now Asleep.
P|As long as Roselia has any React Energy cards attached to it, remove 1 damage counter from each of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) that has any React Energy cards attached to it between turns. You can't use more than 1 Reactive Aroma Poké-Body each turn.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Basic Pokémon, that Pokémon can't attack during your opponent's next turn.
P|Whenever you attach a React Energy card from your hand to Tangela, remove all damage counters from Tangela.
P|As long as Tentacruel has any React Energy cards attached to it, prevent all effects, including damage, done to any of your Tentacruel in play by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
A|If Vibrava has any React Energy cards attached to it, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Attach a Metal Energy card from your hand to Aron.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Clamperl during your opponent's next turn.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from Grimer and put it onto Grimer. (This counts as evolving Grimer.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Damage done to your opponent's Pokémon by your Omanyte, Omastar, Kabuto, Kabutops, or Kabutops ex isn't affected by Resistance.
A|Search your deck for a React Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch.
A|Both Wynaut and the Defending Pokémon are now Confused.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. At any time between turns, each player puts 1 damage counter on his or her Pokémon that has a Poké-Power.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Put 4 damage counters instead of 2 on each Burned Pokémon between turns. The Special Condition Burned can't be removed by evolving or devolving the Burned Pokémon.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each player can't have more than 3 Benched Pokémon. When Giant Stump comes into play, each player discards Benched Pokémon and any cards attached to them until he or she has 3 Benched Pokémon. (You discard your Pokémon first.)
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Once during each player's turn, if the player has no Special Energy cards in his or her discard pile, that player searches his or her discard pile for a basic Energy card, show it to the opponent, and put it into his or her hand.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Once during each player's turn, that player may put an Omanyte, Kabuto, Aerodactyl, Aerodactyl ex, Lileep, or Anorith onto his or her Bench from his or her hand. Treat the new Benched Pokémon as Basic Pokémon.
T|Play Claw Fossil as if it were a Basic Pokémon. While in play, Claw Fossil counts as a Colorless Pokémon (as well as a Trainer card). Claw Fossil has no attacks of its own, can't retreat, and can't be affected by any Special Conditions. If Claw Fossil is Knocked Out, it doesn't count as a Knocked Out Pokémon. (Discard it anyway.) At any time during your turn before your attack, you may discard Claw Fossil from play.
T|Play Mysterious Fossil as if it were a Basic Pokémon. While in play, Mysterious Fossil counts as a Colorless Pokémon (as well as a Trainer card). Mysterious Fossil has no attacks of its own, can't retreat, and can't be affected by any Special Conditions. If Mysterious Fossil is Knocked Out, it doesn't count as a Knocked Out Pokémon. (Discard it anyway.) At any time during your turn before your attack, you may discard Mysterious Fossil from play.
T|Play Root Fossil as if it were a Basic Pokémon. While in play, Root Fossil counts as a Colorless Pokémon (as well as a Trainer card). Root Fossil has no attacks of its own, can't retreat, and can't be affected by any Special Conditions. If Root Fossil is Knocked Out, it doesn't count as a Knocked Out Pokémon. (Discard it anyway.) At any time during your turn before your attack, you may discard Root Fossil from play.
A|Discard 2 Fire Energy or 1 React Energy card attached to Arcanine ex.
P|Whenever you attach a Fire Energy from your hand to Arcanine ex, remove 1 damage counter and all Special Conditions from Arcanine ex.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Resistance, this attack's base damage is 100 instead of 70.
A|During your next turn, if an attack does damage to the Defending Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), that attack does 30 more damage.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Flygon ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your discard pile for up to 2 Energy cards and attach them to Flygon ex.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Fighting Pokémon, this attack's base damage is 120 instead of 80.
A|Prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Regice Star by your opponent's Pokémon-ex during your opponent's next turn.
A|If your opponent has only 1 Prize card left and Regirock Star is the only Pokémon you have in play, this attack's base damage is 100 instead of 30.
A|If you have any Supporter cards in play, this attack's base damage is 20 instead of 70.
A|You may discard a Claw Fossil, Mysterious Fossil, Root Fossil, or Holon Fossil from your hand. If you do, choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and do 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Return 2 Energy attached to Deoxys to your hand.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done to Deoxys by attacks in reduced by 30 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|During your next turn, Deoxys's attacks do 40 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|As long as any Stadium card with Holon in its name is in play, each of your Pokémon that has δ on its card does 10 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Knocked Out by this attack, remove all Special Conditions and 7 damage counters from Kabutops (all if there are less than 7).
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Pokémon-ex, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Discard a Water Energy attached to Latios.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|During your opponent's next turn, Bellossom has no Weakness.
P|Bellossom can use the attacks of all Oddish, Gloom, Vileplume, Vileplume ex, or other Bellossom you have in play as its own. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to Rayquaza.
P|Regice can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
P|Regirock can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
P|Registeel can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
P|If Relicanth has any Water Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Relicanth is 0.
A|Choose 1 card from your opponent's hand without looking. Look at the card you chose. If that card is a Trainer card, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage, and discard that card. If that card is not a Trainer card, return it to your opponent's hand.
A|Count the number of Pokémon you have in play that has δ on its card. Draw up to that many cards.
A|Search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card and attach it to Manectric.
A|If any Stadium card with Holon in its name is in play, draw 3 cards.
A|If there is any Stadium card in play, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage. Discard that Stadium card.
A|If Sharpedo has any Holon Energy cards attached to it, choose 1 card from your opponent's hand without looking and discard it.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has Fighting Resistance, this attack does 50 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Search your discard pile for an Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon that has δ on its card.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for an Omanyte, Kabuto, Aerodactyl, Aerodactyl ex, Lileep, or Anorith and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward. If tails, put an Omanyte, Kabuto, Aerodactyl, Aerodactyl ex, Lileep, or Anorith from your hand onto your Bench. Treat the new Benched Pokémon as a Basic Pokémon.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each player's Pokémon that has δ on its card can use attacks on this card instead of its own.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Flip a coin. If heads, draw the bottom 3 cards of your deck. If tails, draw the top 2 cards of your deck.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Mew ex is on your Bench, you may look at your opponent's hand.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Stage 2 Evolved Pokémon, this attack does 50 damage plus 40 more damage.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, search your discard pile for a basic Energy card and attach it to Gyarados Star.
A|Search your discard pile for an Energy card and attached it to Mewtwo Star.
A|If your opponent has only 1 Prize card left, this attack does 20 damage plus 50 more damage.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Count the amount of Energy attached to that Pokémon. Put that many damage counters on the Pokémon.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage for each damage counter on Blastoise to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Once during your turn, when you play Charizard from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may look at the top 5 cards of your deck, choose as many Energy cards as you like, and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon. Discard the other cards.
P|If your opponent has any Pokémon-ex in play, each of Ludicolo's attacks does 30 more damage to the Defending Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Pokémon-ex, this attack does 20 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Choose either Burned or Poisoned, and either Asleep or Confused. The Defending Pokémon is now affected by both Special Conditions.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Tauros from your hand onto your Bench, you may discard a Stadium card in play.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is affected by a Special Condition, this attack does 30 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Choose 3 of your opponent's Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage to each of those Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Dusclops by your opponent's Pokémon-ex during your opponent's next turn.
P|As long as Dusclops is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't attach any Special Energy cards (except for Darkness and Metal Energy cards) from his or her hand to his or her Active Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Grovyle during your opponent's next turn.
P|You pay Colorless less to retreat your Jigglypuff, Wigglytuff, Wigglytuff ex, and Igglybuff.
A|If Kingler has a Pokémon Tool card attached to it, this attack does 40 damage plus 40 more damage.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Pelipper is on your Bench, you may switch 1 of your Active Pokémon that has δ on its card with 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|All Energy cards that provide only Colorless Energy attached to your Grass Pokémon provide Grass Energy instead.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Attach a Darkness Energy card from your hand to Nuzleaf.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from Shuppet and put it onto Shuppet. (This counts as evolving Shuppet.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to Bulbasaur.
P|If Lotad has any Water Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Lotad is 0.
T|Attach Cessation Crystal to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Cessation Crystal is attached to is a Pokémon-ex, discard this card. As long as Cessation Crystal is attached to an Active Pokémon, each player's Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) can't use any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each Special Energy card that provides 2 or more Energy (both yours and your opponent's) now provides only 1 Colorless Energy. This isn't affected by any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies.
T|Attach Crystal Shard to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. As long as Crystal Shard is attached to a Pokémon, that Pokémon's type is Colorless. If that Pokémon attacks, discard this card at the end of the turn.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done by either player's Active Pokémon. If an Active Pokémon uses an attack, that attack ends, and discard this card.
T|Attach Memory Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. The Pokémon this card is attached to can use any attack from its Basic Pokémon or its Stage 1 Evolution card. (You still have to pay for that attack's Energy cost.) If that Pokémon attacks, discard this card at the end of the turn.
T|Choose up to 2 in any combination of Pokémon Tool cards and Stadium cards in play (both yours and your opponent's) and discard them.
A|Choose 2 of your opponent's Pokémon. This attack doe 30 damage to each of them. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|During your next turn, Aggron ex can't use Mega Burn.
A|Before doing damage, count the remaining HP of the Defending Pokémon. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out by this attack, Blaziken ex does damage to itself equal to the attack's damage minus the remaining HP of the Defending Pokémon. This attack's damage isn't by Weakness, Resistance, Poké-Powers, Poké-Bodies, or any other effects on that Pokémon.
A|Search your discard pile for all Energy cards. This attack does 10 damage times the number of Energy cards you find there. Show them to your opponent, and put them on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies, this attack does 60 damage plus 20 more damage.
P|Each player's Pokémon-ex can't use any Poké-Powers and pays Colorless more Energy to use its attacks. Each Pokémon can't be affected by more than 1 Extra Liquid Poké-Body.
A|Count the amount of Energy attached to Celebi Star. Put that many damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|If Celebi Star would be Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may flip a coin. If heads, Celebi Star is not Knocked Out, discard all cards attached to Celebi Star, and put Celebi Star on the bottom of your deck.
P|Treat each Basic Pokémon and Evolution card in your deck, in your discard pile, in your hand, and in play as a Pokémon that has δ on its card.
P|Each of your Pokémon that has δ on its card does 10 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Once during your turn, when you play Meganium from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for up to 3 in any combination of Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards. Show them to your opponent and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|You may discard a Basic Pokémon or Evolution card from your hand. If you do, choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and do 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Search your discard pile for an Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for a Pokémon that has δ on its card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Choose an attack on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon in play that has δ on its card. Delta Copy copies that attack except for its Energy cost. (You must still do anything else required for that attack.) Togetic performs that attack.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has δ on its card, this attack does 50 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|If Dewgong has at least 2 Water Energy attached to it, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If Ledian has a Pokémon Tool card attached to it, draw 3 cards.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Ledian from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for any 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If Quagsire has a Pokémon Tool card attached to it, this attack does 50 damage plus 20 more damage.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Quagsire from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your discard pile for up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Tropius from your hand onto your Bench, you may remove all Special Conditions, Imprison markers, and Shock-wave markers from your Pokémon.
P|If Vibrava has any Psychic Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Vibrava is 0.
P|Each of your Stage 2 Pokémon-ex does 10 more damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|If Kirlia and the Defending Pokémon have a different amount of Energy attached to them, this attack's base damage is 30 instead of 60.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Pokémon-ex, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Swellow during your opponent's next turn.
P|The Retreat Cost for each of your Stage 2 Pokémon-ex is 0.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Pokémon-ex, that Pokémon is now Confused.
A|Search your deck for a Basic Pokémon and basic Energy card, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If Swablu has less Energy attached to it than the Defending Pokémon, this attack does 10 damage plus 10 more damage.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each Pokémon in play that has δ on its card (both yours and your opponent's) has no Weakness and can't use any Poké-Powers.
T|Flip 2 coins. If both are heads, search your discard pile for a Basic Pokémon or Evolution card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. If both are tails, search your discard pile for a Trainer card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
T|Attach Strength Charm to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. Whenever an attack from the Pokémon that Strength Charm is attached to does damage to the Active Pokémon, this attack does 10 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance). Discard Strength Charm at the end of the turn in which this Pokémon attacks.
P|As long as Flygon ex is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Benched Basic Pokémon between turns. You can't use more than 1 Sand Damage Poké-Body between turns.
A|Search your discard pile for an Energy card and attach it to Kingdra ex.
A|Kingdra ex has no Weakness during your opponent's next turn.
A|Prevent all effects of attack, including damage, done to Latios ex by your opponent's Pokémon-ex during your opponent's next turn.
P|The Retreat Cost for each of your Latias, Latias ex, Latios, and Latios ex is 0.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This attack does 30 damage to the Pokémon. If you choose a Pokémon that has any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies, this attack does 50 damage instead. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|If you have more Prize cards left than your opponent, ignore all Colorless Energy necessary to use Rayquaza ex's Special Circuit and Sky-high Claws attacks.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Salamence ex's type is Fire until the end of your turn.
A|Put a Shock-wave marker on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Stage 2 Evolved Pokémon, this attack does 70 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that has any Shock-wave markers on it. That Pokémon is Knocked Out.
P|If Drake's Stadium is in play, remove 1 damage counter from Altaria between turns.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Cradily from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for up to 3 in any combination of Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards. Show them to your opponent and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Before doing damage, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch it with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. If you do, this attack does 20 damage to the new Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch.
P|If your opponent has any Pokémon-ex in play, each of Machamp's attacks does 30 more damage to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card and attach it to Raichu.
P|Once during your opponent's turn, when any of your Pokémon is Knocked Out by your opponent's attacks, you may use this power. Choose a basic Energy card discarded from the Knocked Out Pokémon and attach it to Lanturn. You can't use more than 1 Energy Grounding Poké-Power each turn.
A|If your opponent has 5 or more cards in his or her hand, your opponent discards a number of cards until your opponent has 4 cards left in his or her hand.
A|If Sidney's Stadium is in play, this attack does 50 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If your opponent has any Evolved Pokémon in play, remove the highest Stage Evolution card from each of them and put those cards back into his or her hand.
A|Search your deck for a Lightning Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex), show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|If Phoebe's Stadium is in play, prevent all damage done to Sableye by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-ex.
P|Zangoose can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
P|Metang can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, move a basic Energy card from the Defending Pokémon to another of your opponent's Pokémon. (Ignore this effect if your opponent has only 1 Pokémon.)
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done by attacks from the Defending Pokémon is reduced by 10 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card and attach it to Pikachu.
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to Vulpix.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each player's Colorless Evolved Pokémon, Darkness Evolved Pokémon, and Metal Evolved Pokémon can't use any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Any damage done to Colorless Active Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) by an opponent's attack is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each player's Water Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) has no Weakness.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each player pays ColorlessColorless less to retreat his or her Psychic Pokémon.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each player's Darkness Pokémon can't be Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Draw a number of cards up to the number of your opponent's Pokémon in play. If you have 7 or more cards (including this one) in your hand, you can't play this card.
T|Play Claw Fossil as if it were a Basic Pokémon. While in play Claw Fossil counts as a Colorless Pokémon (as well as a Trainer card). Claw Fossil has no attacks of its own, can't retreat, and can't be affected by any Special Conditions. If Claw Fossil is Knocked Out, it doesn't count as a Knocked Out Pokémon. (Discard it anyway.) At any time during your turn before your attack, you may discard Claw Fossil from play.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Absol ex from your hand onto your Bench, you may move 3 damage counters from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon to another of his or her Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Claydol ex's type is Fighting until the end of your turn.
A|Flip a coin. If tails, Flygon ex can't use Slashing Strike during your next turn.
A|Discard the top 5 cards from your deck.
P|If your opponent's Active Pokémon retreats and has 40 or more remaining HP, put 3 damage counters on that Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Metal Gravity Poké-Body each turn.
A|If there is any Stadium card in play, this attack does 70 damage plus 20 more damage. Discard that Stadium card.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Walrein ex from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this power. Your opponent can't play any Trainer cards from his or her hand during your opponent's next turn.
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to Flareon Star.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Flareon Star from your hand onto your Bench, you may use this power. Each Active Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) is now Burned.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Jolteon Star during your opponent's next turn.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Jolteon Star from your hand onto your Bench, you may put 1 damage counter on each Active Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's).
P|Once during your turn, when you put Vaporeon Star from your hand onto your Bench, you may remove all Special Conditions and 3 damage counters from each Active Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's).
A|Put a total of 5 damage counters on all Defending Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Discard a Fire Energy card attached to Flareon.
A|If your opponent has any Evolved Pokémon in play, draw 3 cards.
A|Before doing damage, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. If you do, this attack does 20 damage to the new Defending Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Pokémon-ex, the Defending Pokémon is now Asleep and Poisoned.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Seviper, this attack does 10 damage plus 30 more damage.
P|Zangoose can't be Poisoned.
A|Does 20 more damage plus 10 more damage for each Energy attached to all of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Special Energy cards attached to it, this attack does 30 damage plus 40 more damage.
P|Kecleon's type is the same as every type of basic Energy card attached to Kecleon.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 2 basic Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon. Put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon for each Energy card attached in this way.
A|If you have Water Energy cards in your hand, attach as many Water Energy cards as you like to any of your Active Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin for each Energy attached to all of your Active Pokémon. This attack does 30 damage times the number of heads.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Marill from your hand onto Azurill (this counts as evolving Azurill), and remove all damage counters from Azurill.
A|Does 10 damage times the number of basic Energy cards attached to all of the Active Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's).
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card and attach it to Electabuzz.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any damage counters on it, this attack does 30 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is affected by a Special Condition, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Lairon during your opponent's next turn.
P|At any time between turns, remove 1 damage counter from Lombre.
A|Flip 3 coins. This attack does 20 damages times the number of heads.
A|During your next turn, base damage of Vigoroth's Slash is attack is 90 instead of 40.
A|Search your deck for a Basic Pokémon card or Evolution card for each Energy attached to Wynaut, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Wobbuffet from your hand onto Wynaut (this counts as evolving Wynaut), and remove all damage counters from Wynaut.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 cards that evolve from Eevee, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|At any time between turns, remove 1 damage counter from Lotad.
A|Both Psyduck and the Defending Pokémon are now Confused.
A|Attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to Shroomish.
A|Search your discard pile for a basic Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Spearow during your opponent's next turn.
T|Play Claw Fossil as if it were a Basic Pokémon. While in play, Claw Fossil counts as a Colorless Pokémon (instead of a Trainer card). Claw Fossil has no attacks of its own, can't retreat, and can't be affected by any Special Conditions. If Claw Fossil is Knocked Out, it doesn't count as a Knocked Out Pokémon. (Discard it anyway.) At any time during your turn before your attack, you may discard Claw Fossil from play.
T|Play Mysterious Fossil as if it were a Basic Pokémon. While in play, Mysterious Fossil counts as a Colorless Pokémon (instead of a Trainer card). Mysterious Fossil has no attacks of its own, can't retreat, and can't be affected by any Special Conditions. If Mysterious is Knocked Out, it doesn't count as a Knocked Out Pokémon. (Discard it anyway.) At any time during your turn before your attack, you may discard Mysterious Fossil from play.
T|Play Root Fossil as if it were a Basic Pokémon. While in play, Root Fossil counts as a Colorless Pokémon (instead of a Trainer card). Root Fossil has no attacks of its own, can't retreat, and can't be affected by any Special Conditions. If Root Fossil is Knocked Out, it doesn't count as a Knocked Out Pokémon. (Discard it anyway.) At any time during your turn before your attack, you may discard Root Fossil from play.
P|As long as Aerodactyl ex is in play, your opponent can't play Pokémon Tool cards. Remove any Pokémon Tool cards attached to your opponent's Pokémon and put them into his or her discard pile.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any damage counters on it, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Does 10 damage times the total amount of Energy attached to all Pokémon in play.
A|Flip a number of coins equal to the amount of Energy attached to Kabutops ex. This attack does 40 damage times the number of heads. You can't flip more than 3 coins in this way.
A|Discard 1 Energy card attached to Typhlosion ex. If your opponent has more than 1 Defending Pokémon, you may do 50 damage to each of them instead.
A|If the number of cards in your opponent's hand is at least 6, choose a number of cards there, without looking, until your opponent has 5 cards left. Have your opponent discard the cards you chose.
A|If you have more Prize cards left than your opponent, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|During your next turn, if any of your current Active Pokémon does damage to any Defending Pokémon, this attack does 40 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|As long as Crawdaunt is your Active Pokémon, when any of your Active Pokémon does damage to the Defending Pokémon, the attack does 10 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Attach any number of basic Energy cards from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|As long as Minun is your Active Pokémon, whenever your other Active Pokémon, if any, attacks, you may use Cheer On after the first attack (you still need the necessary Energy to use Cheer On). You can't use Cheer On more than once in this way even if your other Active Pokémon has the Chain of Events Poké-Body.
P|As long as Plusle is your Active Pokémon, whenever your other Active Pokémon, if any, attacks, you may use Cheer On after the first attack (you still need the necessary Energy to use Cheer On). You can't use Cheer On more than once in this way even if your other Active Pokémon has the Chain of Events Poké-Body.
A|Attach up to 2 Grass Energy cards from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|Roselia can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Salamence during your opponent's next turn.
A|Put 1 damage counter, plus 1 more damage counter for each damage counter on Shedinja, on the Defending Pokémon.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 2 basic Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
P|Whenever Flygon would be damaged by your opponent's attack (after applying Weakness and Resistance), flip a coin. If heads, reduce that damage by 20.
A|If Girafarig and the Defending Pokémon have the same amount of Energy attached to them, pick any 1 card from your deck and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage for each Colorless Energy in that Pokémon's Retreat Cost to that Pokémon (after applying effects to the Retreat Cost). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Once during your turn, when you play Ninjask from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for Shedinja and put it onto your Bench. Treat the new Benched Pokémon as a Basic Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If the number of cards in your opponent's hand is at least 6, look at his or her hand. Choose a number of cards there until your opponent has 5 cards left in his or her hand and have your opponent shuffle the cards you chose into his or her deck.
A|Count the amount of Energy attached to all of your Pokémon and all of your opponent's Pokémon. If your Pokémon have less Energy than your opponent's, this attack does 20 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Attach up to 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile to Flaaffy.
A|Discard a Fire Energy card attached to Houndoom.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Seadra during your opponent's next turn.
P|If Vibrava has any basic Energy cards attached to it, Vibrava's Retreat Cost is 0.
A|Search your deck for Magikarp and put as many of them as you like onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Attach Balloon Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. When the Pokémon Balloon Berry is attached to retreats, discard Balloon Berry instead of discarding Energy cards.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Each player pays Colorless less to retreat his or her Fire and Water Pokémon.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Each Grass and Lightning Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) gets +10 HP.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Choose 1 of your Pokémon in play (excluding Pokémon-ex). Return that Pokémon and all cards attached to it to your hand.
P|As long as Ampharos ex is in play, whenever your opponent attaches an Energy card to his or her Pokémon from hand, put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon. You can't put more than 1 damage counter even if there is more than 1 Ampharos ex in play.
A|Discard a Water Energy card and a Lightning Energy card attached to Dragonite ex.
A|Use any attack from Kingdra ex's Basic Pokémon card or Stage 1 Evolution card. (Kingdra ex doesn't have to pay for that attack's Energy cost.)
A|Discard a Fire Energy and a Water Energy attached to Latias ex.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a basic Energy card and attach it to Latios ex.
A|Discard the top card from your deck. If that card is a basic Energy card, attach it to Magcargo ex.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, search your discard pile for a basic Energy card and attach it to Rayquaza ex.
A|Discard either all Fire Energy or all Lightning Energy attached to Rayquaza ex. This attack does 40 damage times the amount of Fire or Lightning Energy discarded.
A|Flip a coin. If tails, discard a Fire Energy card attached to Charmeleon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for 2 Fire Energy cards and attach them to Charizard (1 if there is only 1).
A|You may discard a Fire Energy card attached to Charizard. If you do, choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and do 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Before doing damage, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon that has Team Magma in its name and switch it with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is affected by a Special Condition, this attack does 50 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Flip a coin for each Energy attached to Team Magma's Aggron. This attack does 30 damage times the number of heads.
A|If you have more cards in your hand than your opponent, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Burned, this attack does 30 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Discard the top 5 cards from your deck. This attack does 30 damage times the number of Fire and Fighting basic Energy cards discarded in this way.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Asleep, this attack does 30 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|You may move a Fire Energy card attached to Team Magma's Camerupt to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Pokémon-ex, this attack does 40 damage plus 40 more damage.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has at least 2 damage counters on it, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
P|If Team Aqua's Carvanha has any Darkness Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Team Aqua's Carvanha is 0.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card and attach it to Team Aqua's Electrike.
A|Search your deck for Pokémon that has Team Aqua in its name, show up to 3 of them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip 2 coins. For each heads, choose 1 of you opponent's Pokémon and put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Remove all Special Conditions and 3 damage counters from Jigglypuff (all if there are less than 3). Jigglypuff is now Asleep.
A|Before doing damage, discard all Trainer cards attached to the Defending Pokémon (before they affect the damage).
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Pikachu during your opponent's next turn.
A|Attach an Energy card from your hand to Team Aqua's Electrike.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 10 damage to the Defending Pokémon. If tails, the Defending Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has at least 2 damage counters on it, this attack does 10 damage plus 20 more damage.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Search your hand or discard pile for a Pokémon with Team Magma in its name and put it onto your Bench. Treat the new Benched Pokémon as a Basic Pokémon. If it is a Stage 2 Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
T|Attach Strength Charm to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. Whenever an attack from the Pokémon that Strength Charm is attached to does damage to the Active Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), the attack does 10 more damage. At the end of the turn in which this happens, discard Strength Charm.
T|Attach Team Aqua Belt to 1 of your Pokémon with Team Aqua in its name that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. At any time between turns, if the Pokémon Team Aqua Belt is attached to is your Active Pokémon, search your deck for a card that evolves from that Pokémon and put it on that Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward, then discard Team Aqua Belt.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Each Pokémon that does not have Team Aqua in its name pays Colorless more to retreat.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Pokémon that has Team Aqua in its name. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Team Aqua Technical Machine 01.
T|Attach Team Magma Belt to 1 of your Pokémon with Team Magma in its name that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. At any time between turns, if the Pokémon Team Magma Belt is attached to is your Active Pokémon, search your deck for a card that evolves from that Pokémon and put it on that Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward, then discard Team Magma Belt.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Whenever any player plays a Basic Pokémon that doesn't have Team Magma in its name from his or her hand, that player puts 1 damage counter on that Pokémon.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Pokémon that has Team Magma in its name. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Team Magma Technical Machine 01.
A|Sceptile ex can't use Slashing Strike during your next turn.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage to that Pokémon. You may move an Energy card attached to that Pokémon to another of your opponent's Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Count the number of Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards in your discard pile. Put that many damage counters on the Defending Pokémon. You can't put more than 6 damage counters on the Defending Pokémon in this way.
A|Attach up to 1 Grass or Darkness Energy card from your hand to your Pokémon.
A|If your opponent has any Pokémon-ex in play, search your deck for up to 2 Grass Energy cards and attach them to Heracross. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Milotic from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may remove all damage counters from all of your Pokémon and your opponent's Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex).
A|If you have the same number of cards in your hand as your opponent, this attack does 40 damage plus 40 more damage.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 Special Condition. The Defending Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition.
A|Search your discard pile for a Metal Energy card and attach it to Metang.
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Draw up to 5 cards.
P|As long as Relicanth is your Active Pokémon, a player flips 2 coins for each of his or her Pokémon that is Asleep between turns. If either coin is tails, that Pokémon is still Asleep.
A|If Magnetic Storm is in play, this attack does 50 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Search your discard pile for a Stadium card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
P|If Beldum has any Energy attached to it, Beldum's Retreat Cost is 0.
A|Search your deck for a Stadium card and play it. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Pokémon-ex, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Draw a number of cards up to the number of your opponent's Basic Pokémon in play. (You can't have more than 10 cards in your hand in this way.)
A|Flip a coin. If tails, Dodrio can't use Slashing Strike during your next turn.
P|Dodrio can retreat even when it is Asleep or Paralyzed.
A|Search your deck for a Basic Pokémon and a basic Energy card, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Jigglypuff from your hand onto Igglybuff (this counts as evolving Igglybuff), and remove all damage counters from Igglybuff.
A|Draw cards until you have the same number of cards in your hand as your opponent has in his or her hand.
A|Switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch. This attack does 10 damage to the new Defending Pokémon.
P|If Metang has any Energy attached to it, Metang's Retreat Cost is 0.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies, this attack does 50 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Before doing damage, count the remaining HP of the Defending Pokémon and Swalot. If the Defending Pokémon has fewer remaining HP than Swalot's, this attack does 50 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Choose 2 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage to each of those Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from Feebas and put it on Feebas. (This counts as evolving Feebas.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 Energy attached to the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent returns that card to his or her hand.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, attach a Lightning Energy card from your hand to any of your Pokémon.
A|Attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to Seedot.
A|You may discard 1 Psychic Energy card attached to Shuppet. If you do, your opponent discards 1 Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|If Surskit has less Energy attached to it than the Defending Pokémon, this attack does 10 damage plus 10 more damage.
P|If Tentacool has no Energy attached to it, Tentacool's Retreat Cost is 0.
A|Does 10 damage for each damage counter on Totodile.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from Vulpix and put it on Vulpix. (This counts as evolving Vulpix.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has an owner in its name) in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Ancient Technical Machine [Ice].
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has an owner in its name) in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Ancient Technical Machine [Rock].
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has an owner in its name) in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. At the end of your turn, discard Ancient Technical Machine [Steel].
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Don't apply Weakness for all Pokémon in play (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has an owner in its name).
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. At any time between turns, each player puts 1 damage counter on his or her Pokémon-ex with maximum HP of at least 100.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Whenever any player attaches an Energy card from his or her hand to Water Pokémon, Fighting Pokémon, or Metal Pokémon, remove any Special Conditions from that Pokémon.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Any damage done by attacks from Psychic Pokémon and Fighting Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) is not affected by Resistance.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Draw a number of cards up to the number of your opponent's Pokémon in play. If you have more than 7 cards (including this one) in your hand, you can't play this card.
A|Before doing damage, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch it with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch. If you do, this attack does 40 damage to the new Defending Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, Extra Comet Punch does 50 damage plus 50 more damage.
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to Ninetales ex.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't attach Energy cards from his or her hand to the Defending Pokémon during his or her next turn.
P|At any time between turns, remove 1 damage counter from Regirock ex.
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Draw up to 8 cards.
A|Flip a coin for each Energy attached to Exeggutor. This attack does 40 damage times the number of heads.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Lightning Energy cards and attach them to Raichu. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|You may move any number of Lightning Energy cards attached to Raichu to another of your Pokémon.
A|If Snorlax is Asleep, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage. (This attack can be used even if Snorlax is Asleep.)
P|If Snorlax remains Asleep between turns, remove 2 damage counters from Snorlax (remove 1 if there is only 1).
P|As long as Victreebel is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each Defending Pokémon between turns. Acid Sampler stops working if your other Active Pokémon is not a Victreebel.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is an Evolved Pokémon, this attack does 10 damage plus 20 more damage.
P|If Fearow has no Energy attached to it, Fearow's Retreat Cost is 0.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Water Energy cards and attach them to Kingler. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|You may discard from your hand as many Technical Machine and Pokémon Tool cards as you like. This attack does 30 damage times the number of cards you discarded.
P|If Scyther has any Energy attached to it, Scyther's Retreat Cost is 0.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Haunter is on your Bench, you may use this power. One of your Active Pokémon is now Confused.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Evolution cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards and attach them to any of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) in any way you like. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Persian can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
A|Search your discard pile for a basic Energy card and attach it to Poliwhirl.
A|Search your discard pile for a Basic Pokémon (or Evolution card), a Trainer card, and an Energy card. Show them to your opponent and put them into your hand.
P|Raticate can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Wigglytuff is on your Bench, you may choose 1 of your Active Pokémon and remove 1 Special Condition from it.
A|Search your deck for a Metapod and a Butterfree card, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch it with the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from Magikarp and put it on Magikarp. (This counts as evolving Magikarp.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Reveal cards from your deck until you reveal a Basic Pokémon. Show that card to your opponent and put it into your hand. Shuffle the other revealed cards into your deck. (If you don't reveal a Basic Pokémon, shuffle all the revealed cards back into your deck.)
A|Search your deck for a Nidoran ♀ or Nidoran ♂ card and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card and attach it to Pikachu.
A|Both Slowpoke and the Defending Pokémon are now Confused.
T|Attach EXP. ALL to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has an owner in its name) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. During your opponent's turn, if 1 of your Active Pokémon is Knocked Out by your opponent's attack, you may take 1 basic Energy card attached to that Knocked Out Pokémon and attach it to the Pokémon with EXP.ALL attached to it. If you do, discard EXP.ALL.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Any Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) with maximum HP less than 70 can't use any Poké-Powers.
T|Shuffle your deck. Look at 6 cards from the top of your deck, then put them back on top of your deck in any order.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, your opponent discards an Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon.
P|All Energy attached to Charizard ex are Fire Energy instead of its usual type.
A|If you have more Prize cards left than your opponent, this attack does 60 damage plus 40 more damage.
A|You may discard an Energy card attached to Articuno ex. If you do, your opponent discards an Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Articuno ex from your hand onto your Bench, you may switch 1 of your Active Pokémon with Articuno ex. If you do, you may also move any number of basic Water Energy cards attached to your Pokémon to Articuno ex.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Moltres ex from your hand onto your Bench, you may switch 1 of your Active Pokémon with Moltres ex. If you do, you may also move any number of basic Fire Energy cards attached to your Pokémon to Moltres ex.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Zapdos ex from your hand onto your Bench, you may switch 1 of your Active Pokémon with Zapdos ex. If you do, you may also move any number of basic Lightning Energy cards attached to your Pokémon to Zapdos ex.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Azumarill from your hand to evolve 1 of your Active Pokémon, you may use this power. Each Defending Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
P|As long as Dark Ampharos is in play, whenever your opponent plays an Evolution card from his or her hand to evolve 1 of his or her Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Darkest Impulse Poké-Body each turn.
A|You may move all Energy cards attached to Dark Electrode to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Choose a card from your opponent's hand without looking and discard it.
A|You may discard a Fire Energy or Darkness Energy attached to Dark Houndoom. If you do, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose an attack on 1 of your Pokémon in play that has Dark in its name (excluding this one). Dark Link copies that attack except for its Energy cost. (You must still do anything else required for that attack.) (No matter what type that Pokémon is, Dark Hypno's type is still Psychic Darkness.) Dark Hypno performs that attack.
A|Search your discard pile for an Energy card and attach it to Dark Steelix.
P|If Jumpluff would be Knocked Out by an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, Jumpluff is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon's attacks. Rainbow Moves copies that attack except for its Energy cost. (You must still do anything else required for that attack.) (No matter what type that Pokémon is, Togetic's type is still Colorless.) Togetic performs that attack.
A|Does 10 damage times the number of Colorless Energy in the Defending Pokémon's Retreat Cost (after applying effects to the Retreat Cost).
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Pokémon-ex, this attack does 70 damage plus 50 more damage.
P|As long as Dark Tyranitar is your Active Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Benched Basic Pokémon between turns. You can't use more than 1 Sand Damage Poké-Body between turns.
A|Choose up to 3 cards in your hand and put them on top of your deck. Then, search your deck for that many cards and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If you have a Supporter card in play, use the effect on that card as the effect of this attack.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put Magmar from your hand onto Magby (this counts as evolving Magby), and remove all damage counters from Magby.
P|When you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Quagsire, remove all Special Conditions and 2 damage counters from Quagsire.
A|Search your deck for up to 4 different types of basic Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Before doing damage, count the remaining HP of the Defending Pokémon and Dark Arbok. If the Defending Pokémon has fewer remaining HP than Dark Arbok's, this attack does 10 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This attack does 20 damage for each Colorless Energy in that Pokémon's Retreat Cost (after applying effects to the Retreat Cost). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Basic Pokémon, the Defending Pokémon is now Paralyzed. Dark Flaaffy can't use Thunder Slash during your next turn.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to each of your Active Pokémon during your opponent's next turn.
P|If Dark Gyarados is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by an opponent's attack, put 3 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
A|If you have less Benched Pokémon than your opponent, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If your opponent has at least 2 Pokémon in play, move a basic Energy card from the Defending Pokémon to another of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Discard up to 2 Energy cards from your hand. Then, draw 2 cards for each Energy card you discarded.
A|Flip a coin for each Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's). This attack does 10 damage times the number of heads. Rocket's Meowth does 10 damage times the number of tails to itself.
A|Search your discard pile for Pokémon Tool cards and Rocket's Secret Machine cards. You may show either 1 Pokémon Tool card or Rocket's Secret Machine card to your opponent and put it into your hand, or show a combination of 3 Pokémon Tool cards or Rocket's Secret Machine cards to your opponent and shuffle them into your deck.
A|Move 1 Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon to 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. If your opponent has no Benched Pokémon, this effect does nothing.
P|If Skiploom would be Knocked Out by an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, Skiploom is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
P|Drowzee can't be Asleep.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch it with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch.
P|If Hoppip would be Knocked Out by an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, Hoppip is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 2 Water Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
P|If Houndour has any Darkness Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Houndour is 0.
P|If Koffing is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by an opponent's attack, the Attacking Pokémon is now Confused and Poisoned.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't play a Trainer card from his or her hand until the end of your opponent's next turn.
A|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck. Choose a Basic Pokémon or Evolution card you find there, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Put the other 4 cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Remove all Special Conditions and all damage counters from Swinub. Swinub is now Asleep.
P|When you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Wooper, remove all Special Conditions and 1 damage counter from Wooper.
T|Search your discard pile for Basic Pokémon and Evolution cards. You may either show 1 Basic Pokémon or Evolution card to your opponent and put it into your hand, or show a combination of 3 Basic Pokémon or Evolution cards to your opponent and shuffle them into your deck.
T|You may use this card only if you have more Prize cards left than your opponent. Move 1 Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon to another of your opponent's Pokémon. Or, switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with 1 of the Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Each Pokémon with Dark or Rocket's in its name (both yours and your opponent's) gets +20 HP.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Each Pokémon with Dark or Rocket's in its name (both yours and your opponent's) can use attacks on this card instead of its own.
T|Choose 1 of your Evolved Pokémon, remove the highest Stage Evolution card from it, and shuffle it into your deck (this counts as devolving that Pokémon). If that Pokémon remains in play, search your deck for an Evolution card that evolves from that Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon (this counts as evolving that Pokémon). Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Search your deck for a Basic Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) and switch it with 1 of your Basic Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) in play. (Any cards attached to that Pokémon, damage counters, Special Conditions, and effects on it are now on the new Pokémon.) Place the first Basic Pokémon in the discard pile. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, put 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If tails, put 1 damage counter on 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Search your discard pile for a Water Energy card and attach it to Rocket's Articuno ex.
A|Search your discard pile for an Energy card and attach it to Rocket's Entei ex.
P|If Rocket's Moltres ex has any Darkness Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Rocket's Moltres ex is 0.
A|Rocket's Scyther ex can't use Slashing Strike during your next turn.
A|Before doing damage, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with the Defending Pokémon. If you do, this attack does 10 damage to the new Defending Pokémon. Your opponent chooses the Defending Pokémon to switch.
A|Search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card and attach it to Rocket's Zapdos ex.
A|Flip a coin. If tails, discard a Fire Energy card attached to Torchic Star.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Each player plays with his or her Prize cards face up for the rest of the game.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 2 basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|If Claydol has any Psychic Energy attached to it, the Defending Pokémon is now Confused. If Claydol has any Fighting Energy attached to it, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is an Evolved Pokémon, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Count the number of cards in your hand. Put that many damage counters on the Defending Pokémon. You can't put more than 7 damage counters in this way.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has at least 2 damage counters on it, this attack does 50 damage plus 50 more damage.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Poké-Bodies, this attack does 20 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|You may discard as many cards as you like from your hand. If you do, remove that many damage counters from Ludicolo.
A|If Metagross and the Defending Pokémon have a different amount of Energy attached to them, this attack's base damage is 40 instead of 70.
A|Search your deck for 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Prevent all effects, including damage, done to Ninjask by your opponent's attacks from his or her Basic Pokémon.
P|When Shedinja is Knocked Out, your opponent doesn't take any Prize cards.
A|If Deoxys and the Defending Pokémon have a different amount of Energy attached to them, this attack's base damage is 20 instead of 40.
A|During your next turn, if any of your current Active Pokémon does damage to any Defending Pokémon, the attack does 30 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|As long as Rayquaza has any basic Fire Energy cards and any basic Lightning Energy cards attached to it, prevent all effects, except damage, by an opponent's attack done to Rayquaza.
A|Your opponent can't play any Supporter Cards from his or her hand during your opponent's next turn.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 30 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If there is any Stadium card in play, this attack does 50 damage plus 20 more damage.
P|If Skarmory has any Metal Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Skarmory is 0.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 10 damage for each damage counter on Whiscash to each Defending Pokémon. If tails, this attack does 10 damage for each damage counter on Whiscash to the Defending Pokémon.
P|If Xatu is Burned or Poisoned by an opponent's attack (even if Xatu is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now affected by the same Special Conditions (1 if there is only 1).
P|Golbat can't be Paralyzed.
P|Grumpig can't be Confused.
P|If Lombre has any Water Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Lombre is 0.
P|When you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Lombre, remove all Special Conditions from Lombre.
P|The Retreat Cost for each Solrock you have in play is 0.
P|Prevent all damage done to Shelgon by attacks from your Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Silcoon by your opponent's Evolved Pokémon.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage to that Pokémon for each Lunatone you have in play. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|The maximum HP for each Lunatone you have in play is now 80.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.) You may move an Energy attached to that Pokémon to another of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|As long as Vigoroth is your Active Pokémon, attacks by each player's Active Pokémon (both if there are 2) do 10 more damage to any Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't play Trainer cards from his or her hand during his or her next turn.
P|If Natu is Burned or Poisoned by an opponent's attack (even if Natu is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now affected by the same Special Conditions (1 if there is only 1).
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Surskit during your opponent's next turn.
P|Whenever Swablu would be damaged or affected by an opponent's attack and already has at least 1 damage counter on it, flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of that attack, including damage, done to Swablu.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from Wurmple and put it on Wurmple. (This counts as evolving Wurmple.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 Special Condition. Each Defending Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition.
P|Zubat can't be Paralyzed.
T|Attach Balloon Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. As long as Balloon Berry is attached to a Pokémon, that Pokémon's Retreat Cost is 0. When this Pokémon retreats, discard Balloon Berry.
T|Attach Crystal Shard to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. As long as this card is attached to a Pokémon, that Pokémon's type is Colorless. If that Pokémon attacks, discard this card at the end of the turn.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for 2 Energy cards (1 if there is only 1), show them to your opponent, and shuffle them into your deck.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Each player's Active Evolved Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex) can use any attack from its Basic Pokémon or its Stage 1 Evolution card. (You still have to pay for that attack's Energy cost.)
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Ignore Poké-Bodies for all Basic Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has an owner in its name).
T|Attach Strength Charm to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. Whenever an attack from the Pokémon that Strength Charm is attached to does damage to the Active Pokémon, the attack does 10 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance). Discard Strength Charm at the end of the turn in which this Pokémon attacks.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is affected by a Special Condition, this attack does 60 damage plus 40 more damage.
A|Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Deoxys ex by your opponent's Pokémon-ex during your opponent's next turn.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done to Hariyama ex by attacks is increased by 10 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Does 20 damage for each basic Energy card attached to Rayquaza ex.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Rayquaza ex from your hand onto your Bench, you may move any number of basic Energy cards attached to your Pokémon to Rayquaza ex.
P|The Retreat Cost for each of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Baby Pokémon) is 0.
A|You may discard a Darkness Energy attached to Sharpedo ex. If you do, this attack does 60 damage plus 20 more damage and discard 1 Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Remove 1 damage counter and all Special Conditions from Latios Star.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Pokémon-ex, this attack does 60 damage plus 40 more damage.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Pokémon-ex, this attack does 10 damage plus 20 more damage.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Each player's Colorless Evolved Pokémon, Darkness Evolved Pokémon, and Metal Evolved Pokémon can't use any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies.
T|Attach Lum Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. At any time between turns, if the Pokémon this card is attached to is affected by any Special Conditions, remove all of them. Then, discard Lum Berry.
T|Attach Oran Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. At any time between turns, if the Pokémon this card is attached to has at least 2 damage counters on it, remove 2 damage counters from it. Then, discard Oran Berry.
P|As long as Cacturne ex is your Active Pokémon, your opponent can't attach any Special Energy cards (except for Darkness and Metal Energy cards) from his or her hand to his or her Active Pokémon.
P|Camerupt ex can't be Asleep or Paralyzed.
A|Put 2 damage counters on the Defending Pokémon for each Energy attached to Dusclops ex.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has Fighting Resistance, this attack does 60 damage plus 40 more damage.
A|Move 1 basic Energy card attached to Milotic ex to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|As long as Milotic ex is in play, each player can't play any Technical Machine cards from his or her hand. Discard all Technical Machine cards in play (both yours and your opponent's).
A|If Regirock ex is in play, flip a coin. If heads, discard 1 Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|If Registeel ex is in play, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Attach a basic Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|This Pokémon can evolve during your first turn or the turn you play it.
A|This attack does 20 damage to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Attach a Fire Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
A|Discard a Fire Energy card from your hand. If you do, draw 3 cards.
A|This attack does 20 damage times the number of Pokémon on your Bench.
A|This attack does 40 damage to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may leave both Active Pokémon Confused.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon has 3 or more damage counters on it, that Pokémon is Knocked Out.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may heal 10 damage from your Active Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Look at the top card of your opponent's deck. Then, you may have your opponent shuffle his or her deck.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done by attacks from the Defending Pokémon is reduced by 40 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 30 damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon. If tails, this Pokémon does 30 damage to itself.
A|Flip a coin for each damage counter on this Pokémon. This attack does 30 damage times the number of heads.
P|If this Pokémon is Asleep, flip 2 coins instead of 1 between turns. If either of them is tails, this Pokémon is still Asleep.
T|Search your deck for up to 4 Lightning Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Search your deck for a card that evolves from 1 of your Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use this card during your first turn or on a Pokémon that was put into play this turn. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Your Active Pokémon is now Confused.
T|Put a Pokémon from your discard pile on top of your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Switch your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If you do, heal 30 damage from the Pokémon you moved to your Bench.
T|Put 2 Grass Pokémon from your discard pile into your hand. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Your opponent shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck and draws 4 cards. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 5 cards.
T|Discard an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Fire Energy from 1 of your Pokémon to this Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, the Attacking Pokémon is Knocked Out.
A|Move as many damage counters on your opponent's Pokémon as you like to any of your opponent's other Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Does 10 more damage for each Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Attach a Darkness Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Fletchling, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Search your deck for a card that evolves from 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-EX) and put it onto that Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward. You can use this card during your first turn or on a Pokémon that was put into play this turn.
A|Flip a coin. If tails, shuffle Blaine's Moltres and all cards attached to it into your deck (after doing damage).
P|As long as Brock's Rhydon is Benched, whenever 1 of your Benched Pokémon is damaged, you may do 10 of that damage to Brock's Rhydon instead. (If more than 1 of your Benched Pokémon is damaged at the same time, you may use this power once for each of them.)
P|If an attack does damage to Erika's Vileplume while it's your Active Pokémon (even if it's Knocked Out), flip a coin. If heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Confused. This power works even while Erika's Vileplume is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|Take up to 2 Lightning Energy cards from your discard pile and attach them to Lt. Surge's Electabuzz.
A|If an attack does damage to Rocket's Moltres during your opponent's next turn (even if Rocket's Moltres is Knocked Out), Rocket's Moltres attacks your opponent's Active Pokémon for 10 damage. (Apply Weakness and Resistance.)
A|Put a damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon has already has any damage counters on it.
T|You may draw up to 3 cards, then your opponent may draw up to 3 cards.
T|You can play this card only if you have at least 1 Basic Pokémon card in your hand. Put a Basic Pokémon card from your hand into play as your Active Pokémon. Put your old Active Pokémon onto your Bench. (You can't play this card if your Bench is full.)
T|Discard 2 of the other cards in your hand in order to play this card. If this turn's attack does damage to the Defending Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), and if the attacking Pokémon has Misty in its name, the attack does 20 more damage to the Defending Pokémon.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, choose up to 3 cards at random from your opponent's hand (don't look at them). Your opponent shuffles those cards into his or her deck.
A|If your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, choose up to 3 of them. This attack does 10 damage to each of them. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Search your deck for a basic Energy card. Show that card to your opponent, then put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Take 1 Lightning Energy card attached to Lt. Surge's Electabuzz and attach it to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If you have no Benched Pokémon, discard that Energy card.
A|Does 10 damage to each Pokémon that isn't Water on each player's Bench. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Search your deck for any number of Pokémon named Tentacool, Tentacruel, Misty's Tentacool, and/or Misty's Tentacruel. Show those cards to your opponent, then put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|If your opponent's attack does damage to Rocket's Snorlax and Rocket's Snorlax is already Asleep (even if it's Knocked Out), this power does 20 damage to the attacking Pokémon.
A|Flip 2 coins. If 1 or both of them are heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Confused.
A|Discard the top 5 cards of your deck. (If there are fewer than 5 cards in your deck, discard all of them.) This attack does 20 damage for each Fire Energy card you discarded in this way.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.) This attack can't be used if your opponent has no Benched Pokémon.
P|Whenever an attack by a Basic Pokémon (including your own) does 20 or more damage to Erika's Dratini (after applying Weakness and Resistance), reduce that damage to 10. (Any other effects of attacks still happen.) This power stops working while Erika's Dratini is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|During your opponent's next turn, whenever Erika's Exeggcute takes damage, divide that damage in half (rounded down to the nearest 10). (Any other effects still happen.)
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck, then draw 5 cards.
A|Both the Defending Pokémon and Erika's Gloom are now Asleep (after doing damage).
A|Both the Defending Pokémon and Erika's Gloom are now Confused (after doing damage).
P|All Energy cards attached to Erika's Oddish provide Grass Energy instead of their usual type. This power works even while Erika's Oddish is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|Flip a number of coins equal to the number of Water Energy attached to Misty's Poliwhirl. This attack does 30 damage plus 10 damage for each heads.
A|If your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, choose 1 of them and flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 10 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't attach Energy cards to the Defending Pokémon during his or her next turn.
A|Flip a number of coins equal to the total number of Sabrina's Gastlys, Sabrina's Haunters, and Sabrina's Gengars you have in play. This attack does 30 damage times the number of heads.
A|If the Defending Pokémon was Asleep, it is no longer Asleep.
A|Does 10 damage to each Grass Pokémon on your opponent's Bench. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Don't apply Resistance for this attack. (Any other effects that would happen after applying Resistance still happen.)
A|Shuffle your deck.
A|If there are any damage counters on Erika's Oddish, remove 1 of them.
A|If Erika's Oddish has any damage counters on it, flip a coin. If heads, remove 1 of those damage counters.
A|Take 1 Lightning Energy card from your discard pile and attach it to Lt. Surge's Pikachu.
A|Choose up to 3 cards from your hand and put them on top of your deck. Then search your deck for that many basic Energy cards. Show those cards to your opponent, then put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Put a Basic Pokémon or Evolution card from your hand face down in front of you and tell your opponent its name. Your opponent guesses the length of that Pokémon. Flip the card over. If your opponent guessed right, he or she draws 2 cards. If your opponent guessed wrong, you draw 2 cards. Either way, return the card to your hand.
T|Attach Charity to your Active Pokémon. Unless that Pokémon gets Knocked Out, return Charity to your hand at the end of your turn. If that Pokémon attacks and does damage to the Defending Pokémon, you may reduce that damage by any amount (rounded to the nearest 10).
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. A player must discard 2 cards from his or her hand in order to play an Energy Removal or Super Energy Removal card.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Each player pays Colorless more to retreat his or her Active Pokémon.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. During each player's turn, that player may choose to discard an Energy card attached to 1 of his or her Pokémon with Erika in its name. If that player does so, that Pokémon is no longer Asleep, Confused, Paralyzed, or Poisoned.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Each player pays Colorless less to retreat his or her Pokémon if it has Misty in its name.
T|Trade 2 of the other cards in your hand for up to 2 Basic Pokémon and/or Evolution cards with Erika in their names from your deck. Show those cards to your opponent, then put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Your opponent chooses 1 of the following: everyone chooses 1 of his or her own Prizes and put it into his or her hand, or you draw a card.
T|Flip 2 coins. If both of them are heads, choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and return it and all cards attached to it to his or her hand. If 1 or both of them are tails, your turn ends immediately (you can't attack this turn).
T|Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. Choose 2 of those cards and put them into your hand. Discard the rest.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Don't apply Resistance to any attacks made by Pokémon with Brock in their names.
T|For your attack this turn, your Active Pokémon can use any attack from its Basic Pokémon card or any Evolution card attached to it. (You still have to pay for that attack's Energy cost.)
T|Attach Sabrina's ESP to 1 of your Pokémon with Sabrina in its name. At the end of your turn, discard Sabrina's ESP. If that Pokémon uses and attack that involves flipping coins, Sabrina's ESP lets you re-flip those coins once. If you do, re-flip all the coins.
T|Look at your opponent's hand. Then, you may discard as many other cards as you want from your hand and draw that many cards.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent sets aside all the cards in his or her hand face down. Nobody may look at those cards. At the end of your opponent's next turn, your opponent puts those cards back into his or her hand. If tails, your turn ends immediately (you can't attack this turn).
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Whenever a player attacks with a Pokémon with Lt. Surge in its name, he or she may flip a coin. If heads, and if that Pokémon's attack does damage to the Defending Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), that attack does 10 more damage to the Defending Pokémon. If tails, the attacking Pokémon does 10 damage to itself in addition to whatever its attack usually does.
T|Discard any number of other cards from your hand, then flip a coin. If heads, draw twice that many cards.
T|For each of your Pokémon, you may return any number of Energy cards attached to it to your hand.
T|You and your opponent play a game of Rock-Paper-Scissors. The winner shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck and draws a new hand of 5 cards. (If you don't know how to play Rock-Paper-Scissors, flip a coin to decide who's the winner.)
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. No player may have more than 4 Pokémon on his or her Bench. When this card is played, if a player has 5 Pokémon on his or her Bench, that player chooses 1 of them and returns it and all cards attached to it to his or her hand. (If both players have to return a Pokémon, your opponent returns a Pokémon first.)
T|Each player shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck and draws a new hand of the same number of cards.
T|Count the number of cards in your discard pile and shuffle them into your deck. Then discard that many cards from the top of your deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, you may attach up to 2 Grass Energy cards from your hand to Erika's Venusaur.
A|If your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, choose 2 of them (or 1 if he or she only has 1). This attack does 20 damage to each of them. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Unless this attack Knocks Out the Defending Pokémon, choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch it with the Defending Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon's maximum HP is 50 or less, it can't attack Giovanni's Nidoking during your opponent's next turn. (Benching or evolving either Pokémon ends this effect.)
P|When you play Giovanni's Persian from your hand, you may search your deck for the Trainer card named Giovanni, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, Koga's Ditto's maximum HP is now 80 and Koga's Ditto's Pound attack's base damage is 30 instead of 10. (Benching Koga's Ditto ends this effect.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 Energy card attached to each of your opponent's Pokémon that has any Energy cards and discard those Energy cards.
P|Whenever Misty's Gyarados attacks, flip 2 coins. If both of them are tails, that attack does nothing. Instead, shuffle Misty's Gyarados and all cards attached to it into your deck. (This power works even if Misty's Gyarados is Confused.)
T|During this turn, instead of attaching your free Energy card, you may instead attach 2 Fire Energy cards to 1 of your Pokémon with Blaine in its name. (Playing additional copies of this card this turn has no effect.)
T|Choose 1 of your Pokémon in play with Giovanni in its name. For the rest of your turn, you may evolve that Pokémon even if you just played or evolved it this turn or if this is your first turn. This effect also applies to the Pokémon it evolves into.
T|If an attack from a Pokémon with Koga in its name does damage to a Defending Pokémon this turn, that Pokémon is then Poisoned.
T|Take all Energy cards attached to 1 of your Pokémon with Sabrina in its name and attach them to another 1 of your Pokémon with Sabrina in its name.
P|Whenever you attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to Blaine's Ninetales, remove 1 damage counter from it, if it has any. This power stops working when Blaine's Ninetales is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|This attack can't be used unless Brock's Dugtrio used its Lie Low attack last turn.
A|If you have any Benched Pokémon, flip a coin. If tails, choose 1 of your Benched Pokémon. This attack does 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|If Brock's Primeape ever has exactly 10 HP left, shuffle it and all cards attached to it into your deck. This power stops working while Brock's Primeape is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card that evolves from 1 of your Benched Pokémon and put that card on that Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|As long as Erika's Ivysaur is your Active Pokémon, whenever an attack (even your own) does damage to any Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), that attack only does half the damage to that Pokémon (rounded up to the nearest 10). (Any other effects of attacks still happen.) This power stops working while Erika's Ivysaur is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, look at the top card of your opponent's deck. If it's a Trainer card, put it in your opponent's discard pile; otherwise, put it into his or her hand.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage. If not, this attack does 20 damage.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, shuffle Koga's Koffing and all cards attached to it into your deck (after doing damage).
A|Put Koga's Pidgey and all cards attached to it on top of your deck. Then search your deck for any Basic Pokémon or Evolution card not named Koga's Pidgey. Show that card to your opponent, then put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Look at a random card from your opponent's hand. Your opponent shuffles that card into his or her deck.
P|If Lt. Surge's Electrode is your Active Pokémon and gets damaged (even if it's Knocked Out), flip a coin. If tails, this power does 20 damage to each Active Pokémon. This power works even if Lt. Surge's Electrode is already Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed when it takes damage.
A|During your next turn, Lt. Surge's Raticate's Double-edge attack's damage (base damage and damage to itself) is doubled.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Fighting, this attack's base damage is doubled.
A|Choose 1 Basic Pokémon in any player's discard pile. Put it onto that player's Bench. Put a number of damage counters on that Pokémon equal to half its HP (rounded down to the nearest 10). (You can't put a Pokémon on a Bench that's full.)
A|Flip a number of coins equal to the number of damage counters on the Defending Pokémon. This attack does 20 damage times the number of heads.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Remove any number of damage counters from that Pokémon, then draw that many cards.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, put a number of damage counters on the Defending Pokémon so that its remaining HP are 10.
A|Use this attack only if there are any Fire Energy cards attached to Blaine's Charmander. Flip a coin. If tails, discard 1 of those cards.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose a card from your opponent's discard pile and put it on top of his or her deck.
A|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, if you have a Fire Energy card in your discard pile, put it into your hand.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has no damage counters on it, this attack does 40 damage. If it has any damage counters on it, this attack does 10 damage.
A|Flip 2 coins. If both are heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Confused and Poisoned.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 10 damage to each Benched Pokémon (including your own). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, whenever the Defending Pokémon tries to attack, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, that attack does nothing. (This effect lasts until the Defending Pokémon evolves or is Benched.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, return Misty's Staryu and all cards attached to it to your hand. (Either way, this attack does its damage.)
A|Search your deck for a Psychic Energy card. Show that card to your opponent, then put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Return Sabrina's Gastly and all Energy cards attached to it to your hand. (Discard all other cards attached to Sabrina's Gastly.)
P|Sabrina's Gastly gets +10 HP for each Psychic Energy card attached to it. This power works even if Sabrina's Gastly is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
T|Attach Brock's Protection to 1 of your Pokémon with Brock in its name. Energy cards attached to that Pokémon can't be removed by your opponent's attacks or Trainer cards. (This doesn't stop the rest of the attack or Trainer card from working normally.)
T|This card stays in play after being played. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Whenever a player plays a Trainer card other than a Stadium card, he or she flips a coin. If heads, that player plays that card normally. If tails, the player can't play that card. If the card isn't put into play, the player's opponent may use that card instead, if he or she does everything required in order to play that card (like discarding cards). Either way, the card goes to its owner's discard pile.
T|Remove 2 damage counters from each Pokémon (yours and your opponent's) with any damage counters on it. If a Pokémon has just 1 damage counter, remove it.
T|Remove all damage counters from 1 of your Pokémon with Giovanni in its name. Then discard your hand.
T|Look at 1 of your Prize cards. Then, ask your opponent if you may switch that card with 1 of the cards in your hand. If your opponent accepts and if you have any other cards in your hand, switch those cards. If your opponent declines, return the Prize card face down and draw a card.
T|This card stays in play after being played. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Each Pokémon's Resistance is reduced by 20. (If a Pokémon's Resistance is -30, it becomes -10.)
T|Put a card from your hand face down in front of you. Your opponent guesses whether it is an Energy card, a Trainer card, or a Pokémon (Basic or Evolution) card. Flip the card over. If your opponent guessed right, he or she draws 2 cards. If your opponent guessed wrong, you draw 2 cards. Either way, return the card to your hand.
T|Put a Basic or Evolution card from your hand face down in front of you and tell your opponent the name of an attack of that card. Your opponent guesses the name of that card. Flip the card over. If your opponent guessed right, he or she draws 3 cards. If your opponent guessed wrong, you draw 3 cards. Either way, return the card to your hand.
T|This card stays in play after being played. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Ignore Weakness when a Water Pokémon does damage to a Pokémon with Blaine in its name.
T|This card stays in play after being played. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Once during each player's turn (before attacking), that player may flip a coin. If heads, that player may shuffle 1 of his or her Pokémon in play with Koga in its name and any cards attached to it into his or her deck.
T|Attach Koga's Ninja Trick to your Active Pokémon with Koga in its name. If this Pokémon goes to your Bench, discard this card. When your opponent attacks, you may switch this Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon (before damage or other effects of attacks).
T|Look at 7 cards from the top of your deck. You may choose a Basic Pokémon or Evolution card from those cards, show it to your opponent, then put it into your hand. Shuffle the rest into your deck.
T|Discard 2 Energy cards from your hand in order to put 1 Basic Pokémon from your discard pile onto your Bench. (You can't play Max Revive if your Bench is full.)
T|Discard 1 of the other cards in your hand in order to search your deck for up to 2 Water Energy cards. Show those cards to your opponent, then put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|This card stays in play after being played. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Whenever a player puts a Basic Pokémon onto his or her Bench from his or her hand, he or she flips a coin. If tails, put damage counters on that Pokémon.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, choose a Trainer card in your opponent's discard pile that isn't put in play (like PlusPower or Mysterious Fossil). You may use that card as if it were in your hand, if you do everything required in order to play that card (like discarding cards). The card stays in your opponent's discard pile.
T|This card stays in play after being played. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. As often as each player like during his or her turn (before attacking), that player may return 1 basic Energy card attached to 1 of his or her Pokémon with Sabrina in its name to his or her hand.
T|This card stays in play after being played. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Whenever a Pokémon with Giovanni in its name evolves, its owner removes 2 damage counters from that Pokémon (or 1 if it only has 1).
T|Show the top 3 cards of your deck to all players. Put any Fire Energy cards there into your hand and discard the rest.
T|Until the end of your opponent's next turn, prevent all damage from attacks done to your Benched Pokémon. (Any other effects of attacks still happen.)
A|Return 1 of your Pokémon and all cards attached to it to your hand.
A|Remove from Ariados the number of damage counters equal to the damage you did to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 2 Energy cards and attach them to Exeggutor.
A|If Persian has any Darkness Energy attached to it, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Each player may search his or her deck for as many Basic Pokémon as he or she likes, put them onto his or her Bench, and shuffle his or her deck afterward. (You put your Pokémon on the Bench first.) Pichu is now Asleep.
A|Move an Energy card attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon to another of your opponent's Pokémon. Smoochum is now Asleep.
A|Search your discard pile for an Energy card and attach it to Blissey.
A|Draw a card for each Water Energy attached to all of your Pokémon.
A|Return Dunsparce and all cards attached to it to your hand.
A|Draw a card for each of your Grass Pokémon in play.
A|Search your deck for a Water Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search your deck for a Moomoo Milk card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Both Slowbro and the Defending Pokémon are now Asleep.
A|Choose as many Water Energy attached to your Pokémon as you like. This attack does 20 damage times the number of Energy you chose. Shuffle those cards back into your deck.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Unown from your hand onto your Bench, you may return all Energy attached to 1 of your Pokémon to your hand.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Unown from your hand onto your Bench, you may look at the top 5 cards of your deck and put them back on top of your deck in any order.
A|Search your deck for a number of Lightning Energy cards up to the number of Mareep in play (both yours and your opponent's) and attach them to Mareep. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Search your discard pile for 4 basic Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
T|Choose 1 of your Pokémon. Flip 2 coins. For each heads, remove 3 damage counters from that Pokémon.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon, and switch it with your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|Whenever your opponent attaches an Energy card from his or her hand to 1 of his or her Pokémon, put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Blissey from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may remove all damage counters from all of your Pokémon. If you do, discard all Energy attached to those Pokémon that had any damage counters on them.
P|All Energy attached to Ho-Oh LEGEND are Fire Energy instead of their usual type.
A|Discard a Fire Energy, Water Energy, and Lightning Energy attached to Lugia LEGEND.
T|Look at your opponent's hand!
A|Choose 2 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 40 damage to each of them. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|If you have any Psychic Energy attached to your Active Pokémon, the Retreat Cost for that Pokémon is 0.
A|Flip a coin for each Water Pokémon you have in play. This attack does 30 damage times the number of heads.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Shaymin from your hand onto your Bench, you may move as many Energy cards attached to your Pokémon as you like to any of your other Pokémon.
A|Remove from Torterra the number of damage counters equal to the damage you did to the Defending Pokémon.
A|You may do 50 damage plus 30 more damage. If you do, return an Energy card attached to Kingdra to your hand.
A|Move an Energy card attached to Lanturn to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 3 Fire Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Torkoal from your hand onto your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Burned.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from Kakuna and put it onto Kakuna. (This counts as evolving Kakuna.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 2 Psychic Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|If Plusle is on your Bench, this attack does 10 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Discard a Fire Energy card from your hand. Then, draw 3 cards.
P|If Pupitar has any Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost of Pupitar is 0.
P|Whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to Onix, remove a damage counter from Onix.
A|Flip 2 coins. For each heads, search your deck for a Grass Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. If you do, shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from Weedle and put it onto Weedle. (This counts as evolving Weedle.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Search your discard pile for 4 basic Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and shuffle them into your deck.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it on top of your deck. If tails, search your discard pile for a Trainer card, show it to your opponent, and put it on top of your deck.
T|Your opponent switches his or her Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
T|Choose 1 of your Basic Pokémon in play. If you have a Stage 1 or Stage 2 card that evolves from that Pokémon in your hand, put that card on the Basic Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.) If you choose a Stage 2 Pokémon in your hand, put that Pokémon on the Basic Pokémon instead of on a Stage 1 Pokémon.
A|If your opponent has any Fire Pokémon in play, this attack's base damage is 20 instead of 60.
A|Search your discard pile for an Energy card and attach it to Steelix.
P|Steelix can't be affected by any Special Conditions
A|This attack does 20 damage to each Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) (excluding any Darkness Pokémon). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|This attack's damage isn't affected by Poké-Powers, Poké-Bodies, or any other effects on the Defending Pokémon.
P|If Ursaring has any damage counters on it, each of Ursaring's attacks does 60 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to Entei & Raikou LEGEND.
A|Return 2 Water Energy attached to Suicune & Entei LEGEND to your hand. Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 100 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness or Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
T|Shuffle your deck!
A|Remove all damage counters from each of your Pokémon. Shuffle Togekiss and all cards attached to it back into your deck.
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all effects, including damage, done to Umbreon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that has any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 damage.
A|Shuffle Drifblim and all cards attached to it back into your deck. Then, your opponent shuffles the Defending Pokémon and all cards attached to it into his or her deck. (You choose your new Active Pokémon first.)
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that has any damage counters on it. This attack does 50 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Does 50 damage damage times the number of Special Conditions affecting the Defending Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, Vespiquen's Retreat Cost is 0.
P|Prevent all damage done to your Benched Grass Pokémon by attacks.
P|Each player can't play any Trainer cards from his or her hand.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Weavile from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may look at your opponent's hand. Choose a card from your opponent's hand and discard it.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a Metal Energy card and attach it to Lairon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is affected by a Special Condition, this attack does 50 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Discard a Special Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|If you have more cards in your hand than your opponent, this attack does 20 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if Scyther would be damaged by an attack, flip a coin. If heads, prevent that attack's damage done to Scyther.
A|Remove all Special Conditions and 3 damage counters from Slowbro.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Unown from your hand onto your Bench, you may search your deck for a Darkness Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|During your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon's Retreat Cost is Colorless more.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of attack, including damage, done to Hitmonchan during your opponent's next turn.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 card from your opponent's hand without looking. Look at the card you chose, then have your opponent shuffle that card into his or her deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a Grass Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck. Choose as many Basic Pokémon as you like and put them onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|Flip a coin for each of your Pokémon in play. This attack does 20 damage times the number of heads.
A|Ask your opponent if you may draw 2 cards. If yes, draw 2 cards. If no, this attack does 20 damage to the Defending Pokémon.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Once during each player's turn, that player may flip a coin. If heads, the player searches his or her discard pile for a basic Energy card, shows it to his or her opponent, and put it into his or her hand.
T|Choose an Energy card from your hand, show it to your opponent, and put it on top of your deck. Search your deck for an Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Search your discard pile for 3 Pokémon and 3 basic Energy cards. Show them to your opponent and shuffle them into your deck.
T|Reveal the top 10 cards of your deck. If you reveal both halves of a Pokémon LEGEND, put those cards onto your Bench and attach all revealed Energy cards to that Pokémon LEGEND. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. (You can play only 1 Pokémon LEGEND in this way.)
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each Pokémon in play has no Resistance.
P|Espeon can use the attacks of all Pokémon you have in play that evolve from Eevee as its own. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
P|Prevent all damage done to Scizor by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that have any Special Energy cards attached to them.
A|Discard the top 5 cards from your opponent's deck. This attack does 30 damage times the number of Energy cards you discarded to each of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Discard the top 5 cards from your deck. This attack does 100 damage times the number of Energy cards you discarded.
P|If your opponent's Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack of Rayquaza & Deoxys LEGEND, take 1 more Prize card.
T|Return any Stadium card in play to its player's hand!
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack does 40 damage plus 40 more damage.
A|If there is any Stadium card in play, this attack does 40 damage plus 30 more damage.
P|Nidoking gets +20 HP for each Nidoqueen you have in play.
P|Rapidash can't be Confused.
P|If you have Lunatone in play, damage counters can't be removed from any Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's). (Damage counters can still be moved.)
P|Once during your turn, when you put Spiritomb from your hand onto your Bench, you may use this power. Your opponent shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck and draws 6 cards.
A|Choose 2 cards from your opponent's hand without looking. Look at the cards you chose, then have your opponent shuffle those cards into his or her deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 Energy card attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon and put it in the Lost Zone.
A|Search your deck for both halves of a Pokémon LEGEND, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Move an Energy card attached to Bronzong to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|The number of Benched Pokémon your opponent can have is now 4. If your opponent has 5 Benched Pokémon, your opponent must discard 1 of them and all cards attached to it.
A|Remove all Special Conditions from Dragonite.
A|Search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card and attach it to Electivire.
P|Whenever you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Golduck, remove 2 damage counters from Golduck.
A|Your opponent can't use any Poké-Powers on his or her Pokémon during his or her next turn.
A|If you have more Prize cards left than your opponent, this attack does 50 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Flip 2 coins. If both of them are heads, your opponent discards all card from his or her hand.
A|Before doing damage, count the remaining HP of the Defending Pokémon and Wailord. If the Defending Pokémon has fewer remaining HP than Wailord, this attack does 50 damage plus 50 more damage.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Pokémon, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Each player draws and reveals the top card of his or her deck.
A|Each player discards the top card of his or her deck. This attack does 20 damage times the number of Energy cards discarded in this way.
A|If there is any Stadium card in play, this attack does 20 damage plus 60 more damage. Discard that Stadium card.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Porygon2 from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for a Stadium card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If Tentacruel evolved from Tentacool during this turn, the Defending Pokémon is now Paralyzed and Poisoned.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Unown from your hand onto your Bench, remove all Special Conditions from your Active Pokémon.
A|Draw cards until you have the same number of cards in your hand as your opponent.
A|Flip a coin for each Volbeat you have in play. This attack does 30 damage times the number of heads.
A|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck, choose 1 Pokémon you find there, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|Remove from Venonat the number of damage counters equal to the damage you did to the Defending Pokémon.
P|If Yanma has no Energy attached to it, Yanma's Retreat Cost is 0.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each Pokémon LEGEND in play (both yours and your opponent's) gets +30 HP.
T|Discard 2 cards from your hand. Search your discard pile for a Trainer card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. You can't choose Junk Arm with the effect of this card.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Each player returns 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon and all cards attached to it to his or her hand. (You return your Pokémon first.)
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all damage done to Celebi by attacks from your opponent's Stage 1 or Stage 2 Pokémon.
P|As long as Gengar is your Active Pokémon, if any of your opponent's Pokémon would be Knocked Out, put that Pokémon in the Lost Zone instead of discarding. (Discard all cards attached to that Pokémon.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Machamp is on your Bench, you may move all Fighting Energy attached to your Active Pokémon to Machamp. If you do, switch Machamp with your Active Pokémon.
A|Put as many Energy cards attached to your Pokémon as you like in the Lost Zone. This attack does 50 damage times the number of Energy cards put in the Lost Zone in this way.
A|Search your deck for 1 Pokémon and put it in the Lost Zone. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Mew can use the attacks of all Pokémon in the Lost Zone (both yours and your opponent's). (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
P|If you have the same number of cards in your hand as your opponent, the attack cost of each of Yanmega's attacks is 0.
A|Choose 2 Energy attached to Darkrai & Cresselia LEGEND and put them in the Lost Zone. If any of your opponent's Pokémon would be Knocked Out by damage from this attack, put that Pokémon and all cards attached to it in the Lost Zone instead of discarding it.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. Put that Pokémon and all cards attached to it back to your opponent's hand.
T|LOOK AT ALL OF YOUR FACE DOWN PRIZE CARDS!
P|Hoothoot can't be Asleep.
P|If you have Latias in play, the Retreat Cost for Latios is 0.
A|Search your discard pile for a Supporter card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
P|Whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to Shuckle, draw a card.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, discard all Trainer and Stadium cards your opponent has in play. If tails, discard all Trainer and Stadium cards you have in play.
A|During your next turn, Raikou can't use Zap Cannon.
A|Search your deck for Porygon2, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|The Retreat Cost for each Porygon, Porygon2, and Porygon-Z you have in play is Colorless less.
A|Discard a Darkness Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|If any damage is done to this Pokémon by attacks during your opponent's next turn, flip a coin. If heads, prevent that damage.
A|Search your deck for a Dratini, a Dragonair, and a Dragonite, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|When you attach a basic Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for a card that evolves from this Pokémon that is the same type as that Energy card and put it onto this Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Look at 1 of your opponent's face-down Prize cards.
A|During your next turn, the Defending Pokémon takes 20 more damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Discard any number of Metal Energy cards from your hand. This attack does 30 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
P|If you played Bird Keeper from your hand during this turn, ignore all Energy in this Pokémon's attack costs.
A|Attach a Lightning Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon has any Energy attached, it has no Retreat Cost.
A|Switch out your opponent's Active Pokémon to the Bench. (Your opponent chooses the new Active Pokémon.)
P|Each Basic Grass Energy attached to all of your Pokémon provides GrassGrass Energy. The effect of Wild Growth doesn't stack.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Shuffle that Pokémon and all attached cards into their deck.
P|Once during your turn, when you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this Ability. Search your deck for a Shedinja and put it onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Discard the top card of your deck, and if that card is a Supporter card, use the effect of that card as the effect of this attack.
A|Put 2 Fire Energy attached to this Pokémon into your hand.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Energy cards and attach them to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|If this Pokémon is in your hand when you are setting up to play, you may put it face down in the Active Spot.
A|If your opponent has a Stadium in play, discard it. If you do, your opponent can't play any Stadium cards from their hand during their next turn.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Basic Water Energy card in your discard pile. Then, shuffle those cards into your deck.
A|Discard the top 6 cards of your deck, and this attack does 100 damage for each Basic Water Energy card that you discarded in this way.
P|Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from the Active Spot to your Bench, you may use this Ability. Attach up to 2 Basic Water Energy cards from your hand to this Pokémon.
A|Choose a Pokémon in play (yours or your opponent's) that has the least HP remaining, except for this Pokémon, and it is Knocked Out.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Flashing Bolt.
A|During your opponent's next turn, whenever they attach an Energy card from their hand to the Defending Pokémon, place 8 damage counters on that Pokémon.
A|Place 2 damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon for each card in your hand.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each Psychic Energy attached to all of your Pokémon.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each damage counter on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon ex, your opponent can't take any Prize cards for it.
P|Once during your turn, when you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this Ability. Look at the top 4 cards of your deck and attach any number of Basic Energy cards you find there to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Bright Horns.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, choose a random card from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals those cards and shuffles them into their deck.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if the Defending Pokémon tries to use an attack, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, that attack doesn't happen.
P|Once during your turn, when you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this Ability. Switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to the Active Spot.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Accelerating Stab.
A|Attach up to 3 Basic Fighting Energy cards from your discard pile to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Mega Brave.
A|If your opponent's Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from this attack, during your opponent's next turn, prevent all damage from and effects of attacks done to this Pokémon.
P|Attacks used by your Fighting Pokémon do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|If this Pokémon has any damage counters on it, this attack can be used for Darkness.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon has exactly 6 damage counters on it, that Pokémon is Knocked Out.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose a Special Condition. Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition.
A|This attack does 80 damage for each Prize card you have taken.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack's base damage is 30.
A|You may shuffle all Energy attached to this Pokémon into your deck and have this attack do 80 more damage.
P|Once during your turn, when you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this Ability. Flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|This attack does 60 less damage for each Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. Search your deck for a number of cards up to the number of heads and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Once during your turn, when your Mega Latias ex moves from your Bench to the Active Spot, you may use this Ability. Move any amount of Energy from your Benched Pokémon to your Active Pokémon.
A|Before doing damage, discard all Pokémon Tools from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Flip 2 coins. If both of them are heads, heal all damage from 1 of your Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, attacks used by the Defending Pokémon do 20 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|You can use this card only if your opponent has 2 or fewer Prize cards remaining. Choose 1 of your Pokémon in play. During your opponent's next turn, prevent all damage from and effects of attacks done to that Pokémon by your opponent's Pokémon ex.
T|Search your deck for a Basic Fighting Energy card or a Basic Fighting Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Each player's Grass Pokémon can evolve into Grass Pokémon during the turn they play those Pokémon, except during their first turn.
T|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 6 cards. If you have exactly 6 Prize cards remaining, draw 8 cards instead.
T|Ask your opponent if each player may take a Prize card. If yes, each player takes a Prize card. If no, you draw 4 cards.
T|Search your deck for a Mega Evolution Pokémon ex, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may discard an Energy card from their hand in order to draw cards until they have as many cards in their hand as they have Psychic Pokémon in play.
T|During this turn, attacks used by your Fighting Pokémon do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Choose 1 of your Basic Pokémon in play. If you have a Stage 2 card in your hand that evolves from that Pokémon, put that card onto the Basic Pokémon to evolve it, skipping the Stage 1. You can't use this card during your first turn or on a Basic Pokémon that was put into play this turn. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Switch out your opponent's Active Pokémon to the Bench. (Your opponent chooses the new Active Pokémon.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Whenever any player puts a Basic non-Darkness Pokémon onto their Bench during their turn, place 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
T|Devolve 1 of your evolved Psychic Pokémon by putting any number of Evolution cards on it into your hand. (That Pokémon can't evolve this turn.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may switch their Active Water Pokémon with 1 of their Benched Water Pokémon.
T|Heal all damage from 1 of your Mega Evolution Pokémon ex. If you healed any damage in this way, put all Energy attached to that Pokémon into your hand.
T|The Retreat Cost of the Pokémon this card is attached to is ColorlessColorless less. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Pokémon with 70 HP or less and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Put a Pokémon or a Basic Energy card from your discard pile into your hand. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
A|If this Pokémon was damaged by an attack during your opponent's last turn, this attack does that much more damage.
P|Once during your turn, if you have any Grass Mega Evolution Pokémon ex in play, you may use this Ability. Heal 60 damage from 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Shuffle this Pokémon and all attached cards into your deck.
P|If this Pokémon has no Energy attached, it has no Retreat Cost.
A|Discard any amount of Fire Energy from among your Pokémon, and this attack does 90 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
P|Each of your Pokémon that has "Rotom" in its name may have up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards attached. If this Ability goes away, discard Pokémon Tools from those Pokémon until only 1 remains on each.
A|During your opponent's next turn, attacks used by the Defending Pokémon do 30 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|You may have this Pokémon also do 60 damage to itself and make your opponent's Active Pokémon Paralyzed.
A|Heal 120 damage from 1 of your Benched Psychic Pokémon.
A|Discard up to 2 Energy cards from this Pokémon, and this attack does 120 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each of your Pokémon in play.
A|Place 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this Ability. Make your opponent's Active Pokémon Confused.
A|This attack does 40 damage for each of your Pokémon that has "Tauros" in its name that has any damage counters on it.
P|Once during your turn, when you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this Ability. You may also use this Ability if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon. Discard the top 2 cards of your opponent's deck.
P|If 1 of your Darkness Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon ex, that player takes 1 fewer Prize card. The effect of Shadowy Concealment doesn't stack.
P|If you have any Darkness Mega Evolution Pokémon ex in play, attacks used by this Pokémon do 120 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Discard a Stadium in play.
A|This attack does 40 damage for each Pokémon Tool attached to all Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for a Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This attack does 40 damage for each of your Pokémon in play that has the Round attack.
A|Choose a random card from your opponent's hand, and your opponent reveals that card and shuffles it into their deck.
A|Flip 3 coins. Attach an amount of Basic Energy up to the number of heads from your discard pile to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is on your Bench, and if you have any Mega Evolution Pokémon ex in play, you may use this Ability. Switch this Pokémon with your Active Pokémon.
T|Prevent all damage counters from being placed on Benched Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) by effects of attacks and Abilities from the opponent's Pokémon. (Damage from attacks is still taken.)
T|You can use this card only if you discard a Basic Fire Energy card from your hand. Discard a Pokémon Tool or Special Energy card from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon, or discard a Stadium in play. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Confused Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) don't recover from that Special Condition when they evolve or devolve.
T|Search your deck for up to 7 Basic Fire Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Look at the top 7 cards of your deck and put a Darkness Pokémon you find there onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards and put them on the bottom of your deck. You can't use this card during your first turn.
T|Heal 80 damage from your Active Pokémon that has 3 or more Energy attached. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Attach a Basic Psychic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Psychic Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
A|This attack does 40 damage for each of your Erika's Pokémon in play.
P|Once during your turn, when you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this Ability. Search your deck for a Silcoon or a Cascoon and put it onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Flip a coin. If heads, put an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon into their hand.
A|During your opponent's next turn, they can't play any Item cards from their hand.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each of your Team Rocket's Pokémon in play.
A|Discard up to 5 Fire Energy from this Pokémon. This attack does 70 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
P|Once during your turn, you may attach up to 2 Basic Fire Energy cards from your hand to 1 of your Benched Ethan's Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Basic Energy card in your opponent's discard pile.
A|Your opponent discards a card from their hand. If this Pokémon evolved from Salandit during this turn, your opponent discards 2 more cards.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Flare Strike.
P|Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) lose any Ability that requires the Pokémon using it to Knock Out itself.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each card in your opponent's hand.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Water Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may use this Ability. Each player draws a card.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Frosty Typhoon.
A|Discard a Lightning Energy from this Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon has full HP and would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, it is not Knocked Out, and its remaining HP becomes 10.
A|This attack does 60 damage to each of 2 of your opponent's Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If you go first, you can use this attack during your first turn. Discard your hand and draw 5 cards.
P|The Weakness of each of your opponent's Dragon Pokémon in play is now Psychic. (Apply Weakness as ×2.)
A|Flip 3 coins. If all of them are heads, Knock Out 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|When your opponent's Active Pokémon is Knocked Out, flip a coin. If heads, take 1 more Prize card. The effect of Wonder Kiss doesn't stack.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is affected by a Special Condition, place 6 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
A|Your opponent chooses 3 cards from their hand and shuffles those cards into their deck.
A|You may search your deck for any number of Pokémon that have "Rotom" in their name and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Pokémon Tool attached to all of your Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon has any Darkness Energy attached, you may move up to 3 damage counters from 1 of your Pokémon to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|Whenever your opponent's Active Pokémon moves to the Bench during their turn, place 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Fighting Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, flip a coin. If heads, this Pokémon is not Knocked Out, and its remaining HP becomes 10.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Impact Blow.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Active Pokémon's attacks. During your opponent's next turn, that Pokémon can't use that attack.
A|You may discard any number of Supporter cards that have "Team Rocket" in their name from your hand, and this attack does 60 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|This attack does 70 damage for each damage counter on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn, you may draw 3 cards. You can't use more than 1 Flip the Script Ability each turn.
P|If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Metal Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
P|Attacks used by this Pokémon do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon for each Prize card your opponent has taken (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|This attack does 20 damage for each damage counter on this Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for a Pokémon Tool card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Choose a random card from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals that card and shuffles it into their deck.
A|This attack does 40 damage for each Energy attached to all of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|Once during your first turn, you may search your deck for up to 3 Colorless Pokémon with 100 HP or less, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You can't use more than 1 Fan Call Ability during your turn.
A|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, search your deck for up to 2 Basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may use this Ability. Attach an Energy card from your hand to your Active Larry's Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Dragon Strike.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Energy cards of different types and attach them to your Tera Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|If you go second, you can't use this attack during your first turn. This attack does 30 damage for each of your Benched Pokémon.
T|You can use this card only if you have N's Darmanitan, N's Zoroark ex, N's Vanilluxe, N's Klinklang, N's Reshiram, and N's Zekrom in play. During this turn, if your opponent's Active Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack used by your N's Pokémon, take 3 more Prize cards.
T|You can use this card only if you discard another card from your hand. Search your deck for up to 4 Lightning Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|If you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent, attacks used by the Pokémon this card is attached to cost Colorless less. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|You can use this card only if you have any Tera Pokémon in play. Choose up to 2 of your Benched Colorless Pokémon and attach a Basic Energy card from your discard pile to each of them. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Attacks used by the Pikachu ex this card is attached to do 50 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon ex (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|Attach a Basic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched N's Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Attacks used by each Tera Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) cost Colorless more.
T|You can use this card only if any of your Team Rocket's Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn. Each player shuffles their hand into their deck. Then, you draw 5 cards, and your opponent draws 3 cards.
T|Once during each player's turn, if they played a Supporter card that has "Team Rocket" in its name from their hand this turn, they may draw 2 cards.
T|Switch your Active Team Rocket's Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Team Rocket's Pokémon. If you do, switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to the Active Spot.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for an Evolution Team Rocket's Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If tails, search your deck for a Basic Team Rocket's Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|If you go first, you may use this card during your first turn. Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Team Rocket's Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Search your deck for a Supporter card that has "Team Rocket" in its name, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Colorless Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) have no Abilities.
T|Choose up to 2 Pokémon Tools attached to Pokémon (yours or your opponent's) and discard them. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Look at the top 6 cards of your deck and attach a Basic Energy card you find there to 1 of your Pokémon. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|During this turn, attacks used by your Pokémon do 40 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon ex (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|Pokémon Tools attached to each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) have no effect. You may play only 1 Stadium card during your turn. Put it next to the Active Spot, and discard it if another Stadium comes into play. A Stadium with the same name can't be played.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 5 Basic Darkness Energy cards and attach them to your Marnie's Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Search your deck for an Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Benched Grass Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|If your opponent has exactly 4 cards in their hand, ignore all Colorless Energy in the costs of attacks used by this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Flip a coin. If heads, discard a random card from your opponent's hand.
P|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Pokémon ex, this Pokémon can evolve during your first turn or the turn you play it.
A|This attack does 70 damage for each Prize card you have taken.
A|Choose Basic Lightning Energy cards from your discard pile up to the amount of Energy attached to all of your opponent's Pokémon and attach them to your Lightning Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to the Active Spot.
P|Prevent all effects of your opponent's Pokémon's Abilities done to this Pokémon.
A|Discard up to 2 Energy cards from your hand, and this attack does 60 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Put an Energy attached to this Pokémon into your hand.
P|Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Attach a Basic Fighting Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Fighting Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon has any Special Energy attached, it gets +150 HP.
A|For each of your opponent's Pokémon, flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 150 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Place 3 damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, put it into your hand instead of the discard pile. (Discard all attached cards.)
A|Knock Out each of your opponent's Pokémon that has 50 HP or less remaining.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Dark Strike.
A|Reveal any number of Honedge, Doublade, and Aegislash from your hand, and this attack does 60 damage for each card you revealed in this way.
A|This attack does 40 damage for each damage counter on all of your Benched Rattata.
A|Put this Pokémon and all attached cards into your hand.
P|Once during your turn, when you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may use this Ability. Search your deck for a Supporter card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You can't use more than 1 Ability that has "Last-Ditch" in its name each turn.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. Search your deck for an amount of Basic Energy up to the number of heads and attach it to this Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Pokémon with Fighting Resistance, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Discard random cards from your opponent's hand until they have 5 cards in their hand.
T|The Mega Zygarde ex this card is attached to can use the attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|Search your deck for a Basic Energy card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Your opponent reveals their hand, and you choose an Energy card you find there and put it on the bottom of their deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Discard the top 2 cards of your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may search their deck for a Basic Pokémon and put it onto their Bench. Then, that player shuffles their deck. If a player searches their deck in this way, their turn ends.
T|Heal 20 damage and remove a Special Condition from your Active Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|You can use this card only if you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent. Attach up to 2 Basic Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Stage 2 Pokémon.
T|Put up to 4 in any combination of Fighting Pokémon and Basic Fighting Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand.
T|Shuffle up to 5 Pokémon from your discard pile into your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
A|This attack does 110 damage for each of your Beedrill and Beedrill ex in play.
A|Move all damage counters from 1 of your Benched Pokémon to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Discard a Fire Energy from this Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Energy attached to all Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, attacks used by the Defending Pokémon do 50 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|This attack does 10 less damage for each damage counter on this Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if the Defending Pokémon tries to use an attack, your opponent flips 2 coins. If either of them is tails, that attack doesn't happen.
A|Each player may attach up to 3 Basic Energy cards from their hand to their Pokémon in any way they like. Your opponent does this first.
A|You may put a Water Energy attached to this Pokémon into your hand and have this attack do 80 more damage.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may discard a Basic Water Energy card from your hand in order to use this Ability. Place 6 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Discard the top 6 cards of your deck, and this attack does 60 damage for each Basic Water Energy card you discarded in this way.
P|If you have the same number of cards in your hand as your opponent, attacks used by this Pokémon do 80 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Heal 30 damage from each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's).
A|Search your deck for up to 4 Basic Psychic Energy cards and attach them to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|You may move an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon to 1 of their Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Choose a card in your hand that evolves from this Pokémon and put it onto this Pokémon to evolve it. If you do, place 2 damage counters on the Pokémon you evolved in this way. You can't use this Ability during your first turn.
A|During your opponent's next turn, Energy can't be attached from your opponent's hand to the Defending Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Psychic Energy attached to all of your Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, attacks used by this Pokémon do 120 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Attacks used by your opponent's Active Pokémon that has a Pokémon Tool attached do 20 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|During your opponent's turn, if this Pokémon is discarded from your deck by an effect of an attack or Ability from your opponent's Pokémon, or by an effect of your opponent's Item or Supporter cards, discard the top 8 cards of your opponent's deck.
P|Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from your Bench to the Active Spot, you may use this Ability. Move any amount of Metal Energy from your other Pokémon to this Pokémon.
A|Discard all Pokémon Tools and Special Energy from all of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|When your opponent's Active Pokémon retreats, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, Energy for its Retreat Cost is not discarded, and they don't switch Pokémon. The effect of Slimy Sliding doesn't stack.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon and flip a coin for each of your Pokémon in play that has "Tauros" in its name. This attack does 50 damage to the chosen Pokémon for each heads. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Damage counters on each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) can't be moved to other Pokémon.
A|This attack does 40 damage for each Energy attached to this Pokémon.
T|You can put this card into play only if you discard a Prism Tower in play, and you can put this card into play during the same turn you play Prism Tower. Each Mega Floette ex in play (both yours and your opponent's) gets +150 HP.
T|Switch your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If you moved a Pokémon ex to your Bench in this way, heal 80 damage from that Pokémon.
T|Your opponent reveals their hand, and you draw a card for each Pokémon you find there.
T|Choose 1 or both: • Shuffle up to 3 Water Pokémon from your discard pile into your deck. • Shuffle up to 3 Basic Water Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck.
T|Attach up to 2 Basic Metal Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Metal Pokémon.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may discard 2 cards from their hand in order to draw a card.
T|You must play 2 Transformation Tome cards at once. (This effect works one time for 2 cards.) Choose a Basic Pokémon in your discard pile and switch it with 1 of your Basic Pokémon in play. Any attached cards, damage counters, Special Conditions, turns in play, and any other effects remain on the new Pokémon.
T|Heal 80 damage from your Active Pokémon that has 3 or more Energy attached.
T|Choose up to 2 Pokémon Tools attached to Pokémon (yours or your opponent's) and discard them.
A|Look at the top 6 cards of your deck, and you may reveal any number of Pokémon you find there and put them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|Place 1 damage counter on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|Prevent all effects of your opponent's Pokémon's attacks and Abilities done to this Pokémon. (Damage is not an effect.)
A|If you have 6 or more Pokémon that have the Hide 'n' Sneak Ability in your discard pile, place 4 damage counters on each of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Look at the top 9 cards of your deck, and you may put any number of Pokémon you find there onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|Reveal the bottom 7 cards of your deck, and this attack does 50 damage for each Pokémon you find there that has the Bug Out attack. Then, shuffle any revealed Pokémon back into your deck. Discard the other cards.
P|Once during your turn, when you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this Ability. Heal all damage from 1 of your Pokémon.
A|This attack does 60 damage for each Lightning Energy attached to this Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, move up to 2 Basic Lightning Energy cards from this Pokémon to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|You may discard any number of cards from your hand.
A|At the end of your opponent's next turn, discard the Defending Pokémon and all attached cards.
A|If you have 13 or more Pokémon that have the Hide 'n' Sneak Ability in your discard pile, choose 2 of your opponent's Pokémon and quadruple the number of damage counters on each of them.
P|Your opponent's Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost is Colorless more.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Colorless in your opponent's Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost.
A|Place 5 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, attacks used by this Pokémon do 150 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may use this Ability. Flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is affected by a Special Condition, it is Knocked Out.
A|Search your deck for an Item card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This attack also does 30 damage to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|During your opponent's next turn, this Pokémon takes 100 more damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Discard up to 2 Basic Metal Energy cards from your hand, and this attack does 40 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
T|Once during your turn, after you flip any coins for an attack of the Colorless Pokémon this card is attached to, you may ignore all results of those coin flips and begin flipping those coins again.
T|Both Active non-Darkness Pokémon are now Confused.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may search their deck for up to 2 Item cards that have "Antique" in their name and put them onto their Bench. Then, that player shuffles their deck.
T|You can use this card only when it is the last card in your hand. During this turn, attacks used by your Pokémon that don't have a Rule Box do 80 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). (Pokémon ex, Pokémon V_atk, etc. have Rule Boxes.)
T|Discard up to 2 Pokémon that don't have a Rule Box from your hand, and draw 3 cards for each card you discarded in this way. (Pokémon ex, Pokémon V_atk, etc. have Rule Boxes.)
T|Draw a card for each of your opponent's Mega Evolution Pokémon ex in play.
T|Search your deck for up to 4 Basic Water Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck. Your turn ends.
T|You can use this card only if any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn. Discard an Energy from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
T|If the Pokémon this card is attached to isn't a Mega Evolution Pokémon ex, is in the Active Spot, and takes 240 or more damage from an attack from your opponent's Mega Evolution Pokémon ex (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), place 12 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon. If you placed any damage counters in this way, discard this card.
T|If the Pokémon this card is attached to doesn't have a Rule Box, the attacks it uses do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon ex (before applying Weakness and Resistance). (Pokémon ex, Pokémon V_atk, etc. have Rule Boxes.)
P|If this Pokémon has 6 or more Grass Energy attached, it gets +250 HP.
P|If you have Volbeat in play, apply Weakness for both Active Pokémon as x3
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Once during your turn, if you have Articuno and Zapdos in play, you may use this Ability. Attach a Basic Fire Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if you have Moltres and Zapdos in play, you may use this Ability. Attach a Basic Water Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon.
A|This attack does 40 damage for each of your Pikachu and Pikachu ex in play.
A|Search your deck for an Energy card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|The Defending Pokémon's Weakness is now Lightning until the end of your next turn. (Apply Weakness as x2.)
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. Search your deck for an amount of Basic Lightning Energy up to the number of heads and attach it to this Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This Pokémon recovers from all Special Conditions.
A|You may attach any number of Basic Energy cards from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|Once during your turn, if you have Moltres and Articuno in play, you may use this Ability. Attach a Basic Lightning Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon.
A|Discard the top 3 cards of your deck and put 1 of them into your hand.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|This Pokémon can use the attacks of any of your Benched Pokémon. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
A|This attack does 30 damage for each of your Pokémon in play.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each type of Basic Energy attached to all of your Pokémon.
A|If your opponent's Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from this attack, take 1 more Prize card.
A|You may shuffle this Pokémon and all attached cards into your deck.
A|During your opponent's next turn, whenever they try to use a Trainer card from their hand, they flip a coin. If tails, your opponent discards that Trainer card instead of using it.
A|Place 13 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is Knocket Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, flip a coin. If heads, the Attacking Pokémon is Knocket Out.
P|Your opponent's Active Pokémon can't be healed.
A|This attack does 10 damage for each card in your hand.
A|Shuffle up to 3 in any combination of Pokémon and Basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Slashing Strike
A|if you have exactly 30 cards in your hand, take 2 Prize cards. If you do, shuffle your hand into your deck.
A|During your next turn, the Defending Pokémon takes 30 more damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a Pokémon and switch it with this Pokémon. Any attached cards, damage counters, Special Conditions, turns in play, and any other effects remain on the new Pokémon. If you switched a Pokémon in this way, put this card into your deck. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|If this Pokémon remains Asleep during Pokémon Checkup, heal all damage from this Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each of your Benched Pokémon that has a maximum HP of 30.
A|Discard a Fire Energy, a Water Energy, and a Lightning Energy from this Pokémon.
A|Place damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon until its remaining HP is 50.
A|Flip a coin for each of your Pokémon in play (including this one). This attack does 20 damage times the number of heads.
A|Remove a number of damage counters from 1 of your Benched Pokémon equal to the number of Water Energy cards attached to Shining Celebi. If the Pokémon has fewer damage counters than that, remove all of them.
A|Flip a number of coins equal to the number of Energy attached to the Defending Pokémon. If you get 1 or more heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Asleep, Confused, or Poisoned (your choice).
P|Once during your turn, when you put Crobat G from your hand onto your Bench, you may put 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage times the number of Fairy Energy attached to all of your Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may discard a Water Energy card from your hand. If you do, put 6 damage counters on 1 of your opponents Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Lightning Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon V in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|When you play Feraligatr from your hand, flip a coin. If heads, discard the top 5 cards from your opponent's deck. If tails, discard the top 5 cards from your deck.
A|Does 10 damage plus 10 damage times the number of Water Energy cards in your discard pile. Then, shuffle all Water Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck.
P|When you play Meganium from your hand, you may flip a coin. If heads, remove all damage counters from all Grass Pokémon in play.
P|As long as Meganium is in play each Grass Energy card attached to your Grass Pokémon instead provides GrassGrass. This power stops working while Meganium is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|Does 20 damage to each Pokémon in play that has a Pokémon Power. Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.
P|When you play Typhlosion from your hand, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for up to 4 Fire Energy cards and attach them to Typhlosion. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|All Pokémon Powers stop working until the end of your next turn.
A|The Defending Pokémon can't retreat as long as Murkrow remains your Active Pokémon. (Benching or evolving either Pokémon ends this effect.)
A|Shuffle Aipom and all cards attached to it into your deck. Flip a coin. If heads, shuffle a card from your discard pile into your deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon can't retreat. (Benching or evolving that Pokémon ends this effect.)
A|During your opponent's next turn, Bayleef can't become Asleep, Confused, Paralyzed, or Poisoned. (All other effects of attacks, Pokémon Powers and Trainer cards still happen.)
A|Flip a number of coins equal to the total number of Pokémon in play. For each heads, you may search your deck for a basic Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Until the end of your next turn, if an attack damages the Defending Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), that attack does 20 more damage to the Defending Pokémon
A|Discard the top 3 cards from your deck.
A|Take 1 Lightning Energy cards attached to Flaaffy and attach it to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If you have no Benched Pokémon, discard that Energy card.
A|If you have any Grass Pokémon on your Bench, remove all Grass Energy cards from Ledian and attach them to 1 of those Pokémon, then switch Ledian with that Pokémon.
A|Flip 2 coins. Remove 2 damage counters times the number of heads from Miltank. If it has fewer damage counters than that, remove all of them.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, then if, during your opponent's next turn, Phanpy would be Knocked Out by an attack, Phanpy isn't Knocked Out and its remaining HP become 10 instead.
A|If your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, choose 1 of them. Flip 2 coins. For each heads, this attack does 10 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.)
A|During your opponent's next turn, whenever Chikorita takes damage, divide that damage in half (rounded down to the nearest 10). (Any other effects still happen.)
A|If the Defending Pokémon attacks Chikorita during your opponent's next turn, any damage done to Chikorita is reduced by 10 (before applying Weakness and Resistance). (Benching or evolving either Pokémon ends this effect.)
A|Flip a coin. If tails, discard 1 Energy card attached to Cyndaquil.
A|If an attack damaged Horsea during your opponent's last turn, this attack does 20 damage plus 10 more damage. If not, this attack does 20 damage.
A|Until the end of your next turn, if an attack damages the Defending Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), that attack does 20 more damage to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads and if your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, he of she chooses 1 of them and switches it with the Defending Pokémon. (Do the damage before switching the Pokémon.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, until the end of your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon can't attack or retreat.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, you may attach up to 2 Grass Energy cards from your hand to Sunkern.
T|Shuffle your deck, then reveal the top 3 cards of it. If at least 2 of those cards share the same name, put all the ones with that name into your hand and shuffle the rest into your deck. If none of them do, shuffle all 3 into your deck.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Whenever an attack, Pokémon Power, or Trainer card discards another player's non-Colorless Energy card from a Pokémon, return that Energy card to its owner's hand. (Energy cards that are discarded when that Pokémon is Knocked Out don't count.)
T|Flip a coin. If heads, shuffle up to 2 Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck.
T|Attach Focus Band to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon Focus Band is attached to would be Knocked Out by your opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, that Pokémon is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP become 10 instead. Then, discard Focus Band.
T|Draw 2 cards. Then, shuffle 2 cards from your hand into your deck.
T|Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. If any of them are Trainer cards, you may show 1 of them to your opponent and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't play any more Trainer cards this turn.
T|Trade 2 of the other cards in your hand for 4 basic Energy cards from your discard pile. If you have fewer than 4 basic Energy cards there, take all of them.
T|Your opponent may choose 5 Basic Pokémon, Evolution, and/or basic Energy cards in his or her discard pile. (If your opponent doesn't have that many, he or she chooses all or none of them.) If your opponent chooses any cards, he or she shuffles them into his or her deck. Either way, you may do the same, and you can't play any more Trainer cards this turn.
T|Choose 1 of your opponent's face-down Prizes. Guess whether it is an Energy card, a Trainer card, or a Pokémon (Basic or Evolution) card. Flip the card face up (and leave it face up). If you guessed right, draw 2 cards.
T|Attach Gold Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. At any time between turns, if there are at least 4 damage counters on the Pokémon Gold Berry is attached to, you may remove 4 of them and discard Gold Berry. At the start of each turn, if there are at least 4 damage counters on the Pokémon Gold Berry is attached to, remove 4 of them and discard Gold Berry.
T|Attach Miracle Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. At any time between turns, if the Pokémon Miracle Berry is attached to is Asleep, Confused, Paralyzed, or Poisoned, you may remove all those effects from that Pokémon and discard Miracle Berry. At the start of each turn, if the Pokémon Miracle Berry is attached to is Asleep, Confused, Paralyzed, or Poisoned, remove all of those effects from that Pokémon and discard Miracle Berry.
T|Shuffle your deck. Then, look at up to 5 cards from the top of your deck and rearrange them as you like.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. All damage done by Colorless Pokémon's attacks is reduced by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|Attach Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. At any time between turns, if there are at least 2 damage counters on the Pokémon Berry is attached to, you may remove 2 of them and discard Berry. At the start of each turn, if there are at least 2 damage counters on the Pokémon Berry is attached to, remove 2 of them and discard Berry.
T|If you have any Benched Pokémon, your opponent chooses 1 of them and switches it with your Active Pokémon. Then, if your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, choose 1 of them and switch it with his or her Active Pokémon.
T|Your opponent may search his or her deck for 1 Basic Pokémon card and put it onto his or her Bench. Then, you may search your deck for 1 Basic Pokémon card and put it onto your Bench. Then, each player shuffles his or her deck. (A player can't do any of this if his or her Bench is full.)
P|During your opponent's turn, whenever 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon becomes his or her Active Pokémon, Forretress does 10 damage to it. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.) This power stops working if Forretress is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|If there are any Fire Energy cards in your discard pile, choose 1 of them and attach it to Houndour.
A|During your next turn, treat any tails flipped when using Magnemite's Electric Bolt attack as if they were heads. (Benching or evolving either Pokémon ends this effect.)
P|Whenever Politoed's attack damages the Defending Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), if there are more than 3 Poliwags, Poliwhirls, Poliwraths, and/or Politoeds in play (including your opponent's), that attack does 40 more damage (no matter how many heads you get). This power stops working while Politoed is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|If the Defending Pokémon attacked last turn, and Smeargle was in play during that attack, Smeargle copies that attack except for its Energy costs and anything else required in order to use that attack.
A|For each Benched Pokémon in play (yours and your opponent's), flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Whenever 1 of your Pokémon with Unown in its name uses its Hidden Power attack, that attack does 10 more damage for each damage counter on Unown [A]. If you have more than 1 Unown [A] in play, use only 1 [Anger] for each attack.
A|If an attack damages Wobbuffet during your opponent's next turn (even if Wobbuffet is Knocked Out), flip a coin. If heads, Wobbuffet attacks the Defending Pokémon for an equal amount of damage.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, the Defending Pokémon is now either Asleep, Confused, Paralyzed, or Poisoned (your choice).
A|During your opponent's next turn, if the Defending Pokémon tries to retreat, do 10 damage to it. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon that has a Pokémon Power. That power stops working until the end of this turn. This effect ends if that Pokémon leaves the Bench.
A|Does 10 damage to each non-Fighting Pokémon in play. Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.
P|Whenever a Darkness Pokémon damages 1 of your Pokémon, reduce that damage by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance). This power stops working if you have more than 1 Unown [D] in play. (This power works even if Unown [D] is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown [F], Unown [I], Unown [N], and Unown [D] on your Bench, you may search your deck for a Trainer card. Show that card to your opponent, then put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Whenever a Metal Pokémon damages 1 of your Pokémon, reduce that damage by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance). This power stops working if you have more than 1 Unown [M] in play. (This power works even if Unown [M] is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.)
P|Whenever a Colorless Pokémon damages 1 of your Pokémon, reduce that damage by 30 (after applying Weakness and Resistance). This power stops working if you have more than 1 Unown [N] in play. (This power works even if Unown [N] is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown [U], Unown [N], Unown [D], and Unown [O] on your Bench, you may return your Active Pokémon and all cards attached to it to your hand.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon and 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. Attach that Energy card to that Pokémon.
P|When you play Unown [E] from your hand, your opponent may shuffle his or her hand into his or her deck and then draw 4 cards. Either way, you may shuffle your hand into your deck and draw 4 cards.
P|When you play Unown [I] from your hand, you may search your deck for a card with Unown in its name and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward. You can't use this power if your Bench is full.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at 5 cards from the top of your opponent's deck and put them back in the same order.
A|If an attack would do damage to Wooper during your opponent's next turn, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, prevent all damage to Wooper from that attack. (Any other effects of that attack happen.)
T|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card that evolves from Mysterious Fossil and put it onto your Bench or put a card that evolves from Mysterious Fossil from your hand onto your Bench. Either way, treat the new card as a Basic Pokémon. If you searched your deck, shuffle it. (You can't play this card if your Bench is full.)
T|Choose 1 of your evolved Pokémon. Take the highest Stage Evolution card from that Pokémon and put it into your hand. (You can't evolve a Pokémon the turn you devolve it.)
T|Search your deck for a card with Unown in its name and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward. (You can't play this card if your Bench is full.)
T|Flip 2 coins. For each heads, search your deck for a Basic Energy card. Show that card to your opponent, then put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|When you play Blissey from your hand, you may flip a coin. If heads, remove 8 damage counters from Blissey. If tails, remove 4 damage counters from Blissey. Either way, if Blissey has fewer damage counters than that, remove all of them.
A|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, put 1 damage counter on the Defending Pokémon.
P|If an opponent's attack would Knock Out Celebi, flip a coin. If heads, Celebi isn't Knocked Out and you shuffle it and all cards attached to it into your deck. This power doesn't work if Celebi is already Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|If your opponent attaches an Energy card to the Defending Pokémon during his or her next turn, that Pokémon becomes Poisoned.
P|When you play Entei from your hand, you may discard the top 5 cards of your deck. (If you have fewer cards in your deck than that, discard all of them.) If any of those are Fire Energy cards, attach them to any of your Fire Pokémon of your choice. Using this power ends your turn.
A|Choose any number of your Hoppips and Skiplooms. Then, for each Pokémon you chose in this way, you may search your deck for a card that evolves from that Pokémon and attach it to that Pokémon. (This counts as evolving those Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If there are any Lightning Energy cards in your discard pile, attach 1 of them to Magneton.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Asleep and was attacked with Night Eyes during your last turn, it is Knocked Out.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose whether the Defending Pokémon becomes Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|Whenever you attach a Lightning Energy card from your hand to Raikou, if your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, he or she chooses 1 of them and switches it with the Defending Pokémon. This power stops working while Raikou is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|Flip 2 coins. If both are heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Paralyzed. If only 1 is heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Asleep.
P|Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, other than damage, done to Suicune. This power stops working while Suicune is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|Whenever an Evolved Pokémon attacks (even if it's your opponent's), it can use any attack from its Basic Pokémon card or any Evolution card attached to it. It still has to pay for that attack's Energy cost. This power stops working while Aerodactyl is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|Flip 2 coins. For each tails, discard 1 Fire Energy card from Entei, if it has any.
P|As long as Entei is your Active Pokémon, Entei and Energy cards attached to it aren't affected by effects from Trainer cards other than Stadium cards. As long as this Power is active, discard any Trainer cards attached to Entei. (This power works even if Entei is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.)
A|Use any attack from Kingdra's Basic Pokémon card or Evolution card. (Kingdra doesn't have to pay for that attack's Energy cost.)
P|As long as Raikou is your Active Pokémon, Raikou and Energy cards attached to it aren't affected by effects from Trainer cards other than Stadium cards. As long as this Power is active, discard any Trainer cards attached to Raikou. (This power works even if Raikou is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, discard all Trainer cards attached to your opponent's Pokémon.
P|As long as Suicune is your Active Pokémon, Suicune and Energy cards attached to it aren't affected by effects from Trainer cards other than Stadium cards. As long as this Power is active, discard any Trainer cards attached to Suicune. (This power works even if Suicune is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.)
P|If Magcargo is your Active Pokémon and moves to the Bench, remove 1 Fire Energy card attached to Magcargo, if any, and attach it to the new Active Pokémon. (You can't choose an Energy card that you used to pay the Retreat Cost.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, whenever the Defending Pokémon attacks, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, that attack does nothing. (Benching or evolving that Pokémon ends this effect.)
P|As long as Parasect is in play, cards in any player's discard piles are not affected by attacks or Pokémon Powers. This power stops working if Parasect becomes Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Basic Pokémon, choose 1 of its attacks. That Pokémon can't use that attack during your opponent's next turn.
A|If you have any Benched Pokémon, flip a coin. If tails, this attack does 10 damage to 1 of them. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Choose a Trainer card attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Your opponent shuffles that card into his or her deck.
A|If the Defending Pokémon attacks Chinchou during your opponent's next turn, any damage done to Chinchou is reduced by 10 (before applying Weakness and Resistance). (Benching or evolving either Pokémon ends this effect.)
A|This attack can't be used during your next turn. (Benching Farfetch'd ends this effect.)
P|Whenever an attack (including your own) does 40 or less damage to Shuckle (after applying Weakness and Resistance), reduce that damage to 10. (Any other effects of attacks still happen.) This power stops working while Shuckle is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose a Special Energy card attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Your opponent shuffles that card into his or her deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 10 damage plus 10 damage times the number of damage counters on Snubbull. If tails, this attack does 10 damage.
P|Your opponent's attacks, Pokémon Powers, and Trainer cards can't discard Energy cards from your Pokémon with Unown in their names. (Any other effects still happen.)
T|Attach Balloon Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. When the Pokémon Balloon Berry is attached to retreats, discard Balloon Berry instead of discarding Energy cards.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Once during each player's turn, he or she may flip a coin. If heads, that player removes 2 damage counters from his or her Active Pokémon (1 if it only has 1).
T|Flip a coin for 1 or 2 of your non-Baby Pokémon that can evolve. For each heads, search your deck for a later-Stage card that matches that Pokémon. Then put that card into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Each Pokémon in play with Dark in its name (even your opponent's) gets +20 HP.
T|Flip 2 coins. If both are heads, put a Baby Pokémon, Basic Pokémon, or Evolution card from your discard pile into your hand. If both are tails, put a Trainer card from your discard pile into your hand.
P|Whenever your opponent attaches an Energy card from his or her hand to a Pokémon, this power does 10 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.) This power stops working if you have more than 1 Dark Ampharos in play or while Dark Ampharos is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|Flip a coin for each of your opponent's Pokémon. For each heads, this attack does 10 damage to that Pokémon. Don't apply Weakness and Resistance. Remove a number of damage counters from Dark Crobat equal to the damage dealt. If Dark Crobat has fewer damage counters than that, remove all of them.
P|When you play Dark Crobat from your hand, you may choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This power does 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.)
A|If your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, flip a coin. If heads, return the Defending Pokémon and all cards attached to it to your opponent's hand. If tails, your opponent chooses 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon and switches it with the Defending Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Energy cards attached to it, flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of those cards and discard it.
P|As long as Dark Feraligatr is your Active Pokémon, all of your opponent's Baby Pokémon Powers stop working and your opponent's Baby Pokémon can't attack. This power stops working while Dark Feraligatr is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|As long as any Dark Gengar are in play, a player flips 2 coins for each of his or her Pokémon that is Asleep at the end of each turn. If either of them is tails, that Pokémon is still Asleep. This power stops working if Dark Gengar is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|If your opponent's Bench isn't full, look at his or her hand. If your opponent has any Baby Pokémon or Basic Pokémon there, choose 1 of them and put it on his or her Bench. Then, switch it with the Defending Pokémon.
A|If there are any Darkness Energy cards attached to Dark Houndoom, discard 1 of them and this attack does 30 damage plus 20 more damage (plus 10 more damage for the Darkness Energy you discarded). If there aren't any, this attack does 30 damage.
A|If your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, this attack does 30 damage instead of 50 and choose 1 of those Benched Pokémon. This attack does 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Baby Pokémon, this attack does 10 damage instead of 50. If the Defending Pokémon is a Basic Pokémon, this attack does 30 damage instead of 50.
P|As long as Light Arcanine is your Active Pokémon, once during your turn (before your attack), if your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, he or she chooses 1 of them and switches it with the Defending Pokémon. This power can't be used while Light Arcanine is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|If you have any Benched Pokémon, flip a coin. If heads, take 2 Energy cards attached to Light Azumarill and attach them to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. Then return Light Azumarill and all cards attached to it to your hand.
A|Prevent all effects of attacks, other than damage, done to Light Dragonite during your opponent's next turn.
P|As long as Light Dragonite is your Active Pokémon, each Special Energy card provides Colorless Energy instead of its usual type and its other effects stop working. This power stops working while Light Dragonite is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|When you play Light Togetic from your hand, your opponent may search his or her deck for a Pokémon Tool card, show that card to you, and put it into his or her hand. Either way, you may do the same, and then each player who searched shuffles his or her deck.
P|As long as Dark Magcargo is your Active Pokémon, whenever a player puts a Baby Pokémon or Basic Pokémon onto his or her Bench from his or her hand, this power does 10 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance.) This power stops working if Dark Magcargo is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
A|If your opponent has any evolved Pokémon in play, choose 1 of them and flip a coin. If heads, your opponent takes the highest Stage Evolution card on that Pokémon and shuffles it into his or her deck.
A|During your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon can't evolve except from effects of attacks or Pokémon Powers. (Benching that Pokémon ends this effect.)
A|Don't apply Weakness or Resistance for this attack.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, each player may choose a card from his or her discard pile and put it into his or her hand.
A|If you have any Benched Pokémon, switch 1 of them with Light Ledian. As long as that Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, it can't become Asleep, Confused, Paralyzed, or Poisoned. (All other effects of attacks, Pokémon Powers, and Trainer cards still happen.)
A|If the Defending Pokémon has Dark in its name or is a Darkness Pokémon, flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 100 damage instead of 50.
P|When you play Light Machamp from your hand, if it is on your Bench, remove 3 damage counters from your Active Pokémon. If it has fewer damage counters than that, remove all of them. Then, switch Light Machamp with your Active Pokémon.
A|If there is a Stadium card in play, you may discard it.
P|During your opponent's turn, if Light Piloswine is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by your opponent's attack (even if it's Knocked Out), flip a coin. If heads, the attacking Pokémon is now Asleep. This power stops working if Light Piloswine is already Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed when your opponent attacks.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown [G], Unown [I], Unown [V], and Unown [E] on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a basic Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown [H], Unown [E], Unown [L], and Unown [P] on your Bench, you may shuffle your hand into your deck, then draw a new hand of the same number of cards.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Unown [W], Unown [A], Unown [N], and Unown [T] on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, put a Trainer card from your discard pile into your hand.
P|Whenever 1 of your Pokémon with Unown in its name uses its Hidden Power attack, flip a coin until you get tails. That attack does 10 more damage for each heads. If you have more than 1 Unown [X] in play, use only 1 [XXXXX] each turn.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has a Pokémon Power, that power stops working until the end of your next turn.
A|Until the end of your next turn, if Dark Forretress would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, flip a coin. If heads, Dark Forretress is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP become 10 instead.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. This attack does 10 damage for each Water Energy card attached to Dark Omanyte. Don't apply Weakness and Resistance. You can't do more than 30 damage in this way.
A|Show the top card of your opponent's deck to all players. If it's a Trainer card, discard it.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Asleep or Confused, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage. Then, the Defending Pokémon is no longer Asleep or Confused.
A|Until the end of your opponent's next turn, as long as Light Dewgong is your Active Pokémon, prevent all damage done by attacks to your Benched Pokémon. (Any other effects of attacks still happen.)
A|Your opponent looks at the top 3 cards of his or her deck. If any of them are basic Energy cards, he or she may show any number of them to you and put them into his or her hand. You do the same. Either way, each player shuffles his or her deck.
A|During your opponent's next turn, whenever 30 or more damage is done to Light Jolteon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), prevent that damage. (Any other effects of attacks still happen.)
A|If you have any Benched Pokémon, shuffle 1 of them and all cards attached to it into your deck.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has no damage counters on it, this attack does 40 damage. If it has any, this attack does 20 damage.
A|Your opponent may choose up to 3 Baby Pokémon, Basic Pokémon, and/or Evolution cards from his or her discard pile and shuffle them into his or her deck. Either way, you may do the same.
A|If there are more Energy attached to the Defending Pokémon than to Light Slowbro, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage. If not, this attack does 20 damage.
A|Your opponent may choose a Baby Pokémon, Basic Pokémon, or Evolution card from his or her discard pile and put it into his or her hand. Either way, you may do the same.
A|Your opponent may choose 1 of his or her Pokémon and search his or her deck for a card that evolves from that Pokémon. Your opponent attaches that card to that Pokémon. This counts as evolving that Pokémon. Either way, you may do the same, and then each player who searched shuffles his or her deck.
A|If the Defending Pokémon attacks during your opponent's next turn, any damage it does is reduced by 10 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|As long as Unown [C] is your Active Pokémon, whenever your opponent's Active Pokémon tries to retreat, flip a coin. If heads, put 1 damage counter on that Pokémon. Apply Weakness and Resistance.
P|If an attack damaged Unown [P] during your opponent's last turn and Unown [P] was your Active Pokémon, Unown [P]'s Hidden Power attack does that much more damage to the Defending Pokémon. This power can be used even if Unown [P] is Confused.
A|If Hitmonchan would be damaged by an attack during your opponent's next turn, flip a coin. If heads, prevent that attack's damage done to Hitmonchan. (Any other effects of attacks still happen.)
A|Attach up to 2 Grass Energy cards from your hand to 1 of your Grass Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, each player shuffles his or her deck. This power can be used even if Unown [L] is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may look at 1 of your Prize cards. Return that Prize card face down. This power can be used even if Unown [S] is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, look at your opponent's hand and show your hand to your opponent. This power can be used even if Unown [T] is Asleep, Confused, or Paralyzed.
P|When you play Unown [V] from your hand, you may flip a coin. If heads, return 1 of your Pokémon with Unown in its name (other than Unown [V]) to your hand. (Discard all cards attached to that card.)
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Each player pays Colorless more to retreat a Baby Pokémon or Basic Pokémon.
T|Attach EXP.ALL to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. During your opponent's turn, if your Active Pokémon would be Knocked Out by your opponent's attack, you may take 1 of the basic Energy cards attached to your Active Pokémon and attach it to the Pokémon with EXP.ALL attached to it. If you do, discard EXP.ALL.
T|Look at your opponent's Prize cards. You may have your opponent shuffle them into his or her deck. If you do, your opponent takes that many cards from the top of his or her deck and sets them aside as his or her new Prize cards (without looking at them).
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Once during each player's turn (before attacking), that player may look at the top 2 cards of his or her deck and put them back in the same order.
T|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, return an Energy card attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon to your opponent's hand. If the Pokémon has fewer attached Energy cards than that, return all of them to your opponent's hand. Your turn is over now (you don't get to attack).
T|Attach Counterattack Claws to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. During your opponent's turn, if the Pokémon Counterattack Claws is attached to is your Active Pokémon and an opponent's attack damages it (even if it is Knocked Out), flip a coin. If heads, put 2 damage counters on the Defending Pokémon. Then, discard Counterattack Claws.
T|Choose an Energy card in your hand, show it to your opponent, and shuffle it into your deck. Then flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for up to 3 basic Energy cards. Show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. Once during each player's turn (before attacking), that player may flip a coin. If heads, that player puts a basic Energy card from his or her discard pile into his or her hand.
T|Attach Magnifier to 1 of your Pokémon. At the end of your turn, discard Magnifier. If the Pokémon Magnifier is attached to attacks, don't apply Resistance for that attack.
T|Put an Evolution card from your hand face down in front of you. Your opponent guesses whether it is a Pokémon card with Light in its name, a Pokémon card with Dark in its name, or neither one. Flip the card over. If your opponent guessed right, he or she draws 3 cards. If your opponent guessed wrong, you draw 3 cards. Either way, return the card to your hand.
T|Look at your opponent's hand and choose a card there. Your opponent shuffles that card into his or her deck. Then, your opponent may draw up to 2 cards.
A|If an attack does damage to Shining Mewtwo during your opponent's next turn (even if Shining Mewtwo is Knocked Out), flip a coin. If heads, prevent all damage done to Shining Mewtwo from that attack (any other effects of attacks still happen) and do 20 damage to the attacking Pokémon.
A|Flip 3 coins. If exactly 1 is heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Asleep. If exactly 2 are heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Confused. If all 3 are heads, the Defending Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
A|If your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, choose 1 of them and this attack does 10 damage to that Pokémon for each Water Energy attached to Shining Raichu. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, your opponent discards the top card from his or her deck.
A|Discard a Fighting Energy card attached to Groudon ex. Does 10 damage to your Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Before doing damage, discard all Trainer cards attached to the Defending Pokémon (before they affect the damage.).
A|Discard a Fire Energy card attached to Torchic.
A|Your opponent switches each Defending Pokémon with his or her Benched Pokémon. If your opponent has only 1 Benched Pokémon, you choose the Defending Pokémon to switch.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, discard all Trainer cards your opponent has in play. If tails, discard all Trainer (excluding Supporter cards) you have in play.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. At the end of each player's turn, if that player has 8 or more cards in his or her hand, that player discards a number of cards until that player has 7 cards left in his or her hand.
P|Whenever you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to Suicune, discard an Energy card attached to Suicune. (You can't attach a Water Energy card from your hand if Suicune has no Energy cards attached.)
A|You may move a Fire Energy card attached to Moltres ex to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|You may move a Water Energy attached to Articuno ex to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|You may move a Lightning Energy card attached to Zapdos ex to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Does 10 damage to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
T|Flip a coin. If heads, discard all Trainer cards your opponent has in play. If tails, discard all Trainer cards (excluding Supporter cards) you have in play.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent discards the top card from his or her deck.
P|As long as your opponent has Kyogre, Kyogre ex, Groudon, or Groudon ex in play, Rayquaza ex's attacks do 40 damage to the Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of either player's Evolved Pokémon, remove the highest stage Evolution card from that Pokémon, and put it into that player's hand.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Once at the end of your turn (after your attack), you may use this Ability. Draw cards until you have 4 cards in your hand.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for up to 5 Grass Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Discard all Fire Energy from this Pokémon.
P|Each basic Fire Energy attached to your Pokémon provides FireFire Energy. You can't apply more than 1 Burn Brightly Ability at a time.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Combustion Blast.
P|This Pokémon's attacks cost Colorless less for each Prize card your opponent has taken.
P|Your Basic Fire Pokémon's attacks, except any Moltres, do 10 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Torrential Cannon.
P|You must discard a Water Energy card from your hand in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
A|You can use this attack only if your opponent has exactly 1 Prize card remaining. Take 2 Prize cards.
A|Search your deck for any number of Magikarp, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Discard the top 5 cards of your deck.
P|Your Basic Water Pokémon's attacks, except any Articuno, do 10 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|If your opponent has any Pokémon V in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
P|Your Basic Lightning Pokémon's attacks, except any Zapdos, do 10 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Discard up to 3 Psychic Energy from your Pokémon. This attack does 90 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Discard a card from your hand. If you do, draw 3 cards.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each damage counter on this Pokémon.
A|Put damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon until its remaining HP is 10.
A|This attack does 10 damage for each damage counter on all of your Benched Pokémon.
A|You may attach a Metal Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon.
A|Look at the top 12 cards of your deck and attach any number of Water or Lightning Energy cards you find there to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. (You can't use more than 1 VSTAR Power in a game.)
P|This Pokémon can use the attacks of any Basic Pokémon in your discard pile, except for Pokémon with a Rule Box (Pokémon V, Pokémon-GX, etc. have Rule Boxes). (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
P|If you have exactly 2, 4, or 6 Prize cards remaining, this Pokémon can't attack.
A|During your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon's attacks do 20 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|Draw 2 cards. If you drew any cards in this way, flip a coin. If heads, attach a Water Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
T|Draw 2 cards. If you drew any cards in this way, flip a coin. If heads, attach a Fire Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a Basic Pokémon, put it onto your Bench, and shuffle your deck. If tails, put this Egg Incubator on the bottom of your deck instead of in the discard pile. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Each player reveals the top 3 cards of their deck and puts all Pokémon they find there into their hand. Then, each player shuffles the other cards back into their deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may discard 3 cards from the top of their deck. If a player discarded any Item cards in this way, they put those Item cards into their hand.
T|Draw 2 cards. If you drew any cards in this way, flip a coin. If heads, attach a Lightning Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Move an Energy card attached to Ampharos to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Each Pokémon that has any damage counters on it (both yours and your opponent's) can't use any Poké-Powers.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Dialga from your hand onto your Bench, you may search your discard pile for up to 3 in any combination of Pokémon (excluding Pokémon LV.X) and basic Energy cards. Show them to your opponent and put them on top of your deck in any order.
A|Your opponent can't play any Trainer cards or Stadium cards from his or her hand during your opponent's next turn.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has 2 or more damage counters on it, this attack does 50 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Gardevoir has no Weakness during your opponent's next turn.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Giratina from your hand onto your Bench, you may use this power. Each player shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck and draws up to 4 cards. (You draw your cards first.)
A|This attack does 30 damage to each Pokémon that has any Poké-Powers (both yours and your opponent's). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Prevent all damage done to your Benched Pokémon (excluding any Manectric) by attacks.
P|Rampardos's attack's damage isn't affected by Resistance, Poké-Powers, Poké-Bodies, or any other effects on the Defending Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is affected by a Special Condition, this attack does 30 damage plus 50 more damage. Then, remove all Special Conditions from the Defending Pokémon.
A|Attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to Shaymin.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done to Slaking by attacks is increased by 50 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|If Slaking used any attacks during your last turn, Slaking can't attack.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Asleep and was damaged or affected by Midnight Eyes during your last turn, the Defending Pokémon is Knocked Out.
A|You may show your hand to your opponent. If you do and if you don't have any Pokémon in your hand, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Bastiodon during your opponent's next turn.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Resistance, this attack's base damage is 60 damage instead of 30.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a basic Energy card and attach it to Dialga.
P|If your opponent's Active Pokémon retreats, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies, the Defending Pokémon is now Burned and Confused.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Knocked Out by this attack, put the Defending Pokémon and all cards attached to in the Lost Zone instead of the discard pile.
A|If your opponent has any Water Energy attached to any of his or her Pokémon, you may do 30 damage to any 1 Benched Pokémon instead. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|You may move all Energy cards attached to Golduck to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If you do, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Flip a coin for each of your opponent's Pokémon. If that coin flip is heads, this attack does 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Discard as many Fire Energy cards as you like attached to your Pokémon in play. Flip a coin for each Energy card you discarded. This attack does 80 damage times the number of heads.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Asleep, this attack does 50 damage plus 30 more damage. Remove the Special Condition Asleep from the Defending Pokémon.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. Search your deck for a Pokémon that is the same type as the Pokémon you chose, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. Search your deck for a number of basic Fire Energy cards up to the number of heads and attach them to any of your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If you have more Energy in play than your opponent, the Defending Pokémon is now Burned and Confused.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Poisoned, this attack does 20 damage plus 40 more damage.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, the Defending Pokémon is now Burned and Poisoned.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from Cascoon and put it onto Cascoon. (This counts as evolving Cascoon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|You may discard a Darkness Energy attached to Houndoom G. If you do, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If you played any Supporter card from your hand during this turn, this attack does 20 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If Mightyena has less Energy attached to it than the Defending Pokémon, this attack does 50 damage plus 30 more damage.
P|If Mightyena is affected by a Special Condition, ignore all Energy necessary to use Mightyena's attacks.
P|If Muk remains affected by any Special Conditions between turns, remove 2 damage counters from Muk.
A|Reveal the top 5 cards of your deck. Flip a coin for each Energy card you find there. This attack does 50 damage times the number of heads. Shuffle the revealed cards back into your deck.
A|Any time the Defending Pokémon tries to attack, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, that attack does nothing. (If the Defending Pokémon is no longer your opponent's Active Pokémon, this effect ends.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, during your opponent's next turn, if Shieldon would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, Shieldon is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from Silcoon and put it onto Silcoon. (This counts as evolving Silcoon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If Vigoroth has any damage counters on it, this attack does 50 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If Cacnea has any Darkness Energy attached to it, this attack does 10 damage plus 10 more damage.
A|Flip 2 coins. For each heads, choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon and this attack does 10 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.) (You can choose the same Pokémon more than once, but you can't do more than 10 damage to that Pokémon in this way.)
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack's base damage is 10 instead of 40.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for a Trainer card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't play any Trainer, Supporter, or Stadium cards from his or her hand during his or her next turn.
A|Look at the top 5 cards in either player's deck and put them back on top of that player's deck in any order.
A|Move an Energy card attached to Torkoal to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Discard up to 2 Energy cards from your hand. For each card you discarded, draw 2 cards.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each player may evolve a Pokémon that he or she just played or evolved during that turn.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Whenever any player plays any Pokémon from his or her hand to evolve his or her Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a Pokémon LV.X that levels up from 1 of your Pokémon, and put it onto that Pokémon. (This counts as leveling up that Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Look at your opponent's hand, then choose you or your opponent. That player shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck and draws up to 5 cards.
T|Attach Memory Berry to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. The Pokémon this card is attached to can use any attack from its Basic Pokémon or its Stage 1 Evolution card. (You still have to pay for that attack's Energy cost.)
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Whenever any player puts a Basic Pokémon (excluding Grass or Psychic Pokémon) from his or her hand onto his or her Bench, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
T|Search your discard pile for a Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
T|Attach Team Galactic's Invention G-101 Energy Gain to 1 of your Pokémon SP that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. When the Pokémon this card is attached to is no longer a Pokémon SP, discard this card. As long as Team Galactic's Invention G-101 Energy Gain is attached to a Pokémon, the attack cost of that Pokémon's attacks is Colorless less.
T|You may play this card during your opponent's turn when your opponent's Pokémon uses any Poké-Power. Prevent all effects of that Poké-Power. (This counts as that Pokémon using its Poké-Power.) If you have 2 or less Pokémon SP in play, you can't play this card.
T|Return 1 of your Pokémon SP and all cards attached to it to your hand.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, remove an Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon and put it in the Lost Zone.
P|Each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) (excluding Pokémon SP) can't use any Poké-Bodies.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Any player who has 4 or more Benched Pokémon chooses 3 of his or her Benched Pokémon. Put the other Benched Pokémon and all cards attached to them in the Lost Zone. (You choose your Pokémon first.) This power can't be used it Palkia G is affected by a Special Condition.
P|Each of your Grass Pokémon (excluding any Shaymin) gets +40 HP. You can't use more than 1 Thankfulness Poké-Body each turn.
P|If Lotad has any Water Energy attached to it, Lotad's Retreat Cost is 0.
A|If Swablu was damaged by an attack during your opponent's last turn, this attack does the same amount of damage done to Swablu to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Fire Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them in your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|You may do 30 damage plus 30 more damage. If you do, Arcanine is now Burned.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, that Pokémon is now Asleep.
P|Put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon that remains Asleep between turns.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 2 Supporter cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
A|Floatzel GL can't use Giant Wave during your next turn.
A|Discard a Stadium card your opponent has in play. If you do, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Flygon during your opponent's next turn.
P|If any basic Energy card attached to Flygon is the same type as any of your Pokémon, the Retreat Cost for those Pokémon is 0.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is affected by any Special Conditions, this attack does 30 damage plus 20 more damage. Then, remove all Special Conditions from the Defending Pokémon.
A|If you have a Supporter card in play, use the effect of that card as the effect of this attack.
P|Once during your opponent's turn, if Jirachi would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, you may search your deck for any 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Apply Weakness for each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) as ×2 instead.
A|Flip a coin for each Benched Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's). If that coin flip is heads, this attack does 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any damage counters on it, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is affected by any Special Conditions, you may do 30 damage to any 1 Benched Pokémon instead. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|The Defending Pokémon can't use any Poké-Powers or Poké-Bodies during your opponent's next turn.
A|If Aggron was damaged by an attack during your opponent's last turn, this attack does the same amount of damage done to Aggron to the Defending Pokémon.
A|You may discard the top card of your deck. If you do, remove 2 damage counters and all Special Conditions from Aggron.
A|Each player shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck and draws up to 4 cards. (You draw your cards first.)
P|If Gastrodon East Sea is switched or retreats to your Bench, move as many Energy cards attached to Gastrodon East Sea as you like to the new Active Pokémon.
A|Does 10 damage to each Benched Pokémon that isn't an Evolved Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon).
A|Flip 3 coins. Remove a number of damage counters equal to the number of heads from your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|At any times between turns, remove 1 damage counter from each of your Pokémon. You can't use more than 1 Maternal Comfort Poké-Body between turns.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 4 basic Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, both Snorlax and the Defending Pokémon are now Asleep. If tails, Snorlax is now Asleep.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that has any damage counters on it. This attack does 40 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.) If Vaporeon evolved from Eevee during this turn, this attack does 60 damage instead.
P|When you attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to Vespiquen E4, remove 1 damage counter from Vespiquen E4.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you play Walrein from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may attach as many Water Energy cards from your hand to Walrein as you like.
A|Move an Energy card attached to Electrode G to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is an Evolved Pokémon, this attack does 30 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, search your discard pile for a basic Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
A|If an attack does damage to the Defending Pokémon (after applying Weakness and Resistance), that attack does 40 more damage to that Pokémon until the end of your next turn.
A|Does 20 damage times the number of Energy cards in your opponent's discard pile. Then, put those Energy cards on top of your opponent's deck. Your opponent shuffles his or her deck afterward.
A|Your opponent can't play any Pokémon from his or her hand to Evolve or to Level-Up the Defending Pokémon during his or her next turn.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Energy cards attached to it, this attack's base damage is 20 instead of 60.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 cards that evolve from Eevee, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Kecleon's type is Grass Fire Water Lightning Psychic Fighting Darkness Metal Colorless.
A|Remove all Special Conditions and 6 damage counters from Munchlax. Munchlax is now Asleep.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that doesn't have any damage counters on it. This attack does 40 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Water Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if Seedot would be damaged by an attack, prevent that attack's damage done to Seedot if that damage is 40 or less.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that has any damage counters on it. This attack does 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If Snorlax is Asleep, this attack does 20 damage plus 30 more damage. (This attack can be used even if Snorlax is Asleep.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Trapinch is your Active Pokémon, you may search your discard pile for a basic Fighting Energy card and attach it to Trapinch.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 5 Pokémon, show them to your opponent, and shuffle them into your deck.
A|Count the number of damage counters on Weezing. Put that many damage counters on the Defending Pokémon and Weezing is now Confused.
P|If Weezing is Confused and is Knocked Out, your opponent can't take a Prize card.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Search your discard pile for up to 2 in any combination of Pokémon SP and basic Energy cards, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Remove 5 damage counters from 1 of your Pokémon SP.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Attach a basic Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon SP.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Move as many Energy cards attached to 1 of your Pokémon as you like to another of your Pokémon.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Once during each player's turn, if that player's Bench isn't full, the player may flip a coin. If heads, that player searches his or her deck for a Basic Pokémon and puts it onto his or her Bench. If the player does, he or she may search his or her deck for a Pokémon Tool card and attach it to that Pokémon. If that player searched his or her deck, the player shuffles his or her deck afterward.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Any damage done by attacks from Lightning Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) to the Defending Pokémon isn't affected by Resistance. Each Lightning Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) has no Weakness.
T|Attach this card to 1 of your Pokémon SP in play. That Pokémon may use this card's attack instead of its own. When the Pokémon this card is attached to is no longer Pokémon SP, discard this card.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Look at the 4 cards from the bottom of your deck. Choose any 2 cards there and put them into your hand. Put the remaining cards back on the bottom of your deck in any order.
P|Whenever any of your Water Pokémon (excluding any Floatzel GL) is Knocked Out by damage from your opponent's attack, you may put that Pokémon and all cards that were attached to it from your discard pile into your hand.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon LV.X. This attack does 150 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon).
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Gallade E4 LV.X from your hand onto your Active Gallade E4, you may put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|Once during a game on your turn (before your attack), each player shuffles all cards in play (excluding Pokémon and Supporter cards) into his or her deck. You can't use more than 1 Sand Reset Poké-Power each game.
A|Count the number of cards in your hand. Put that many damage counters on the Defending Pokémon. You can't put more than 8 damage counters in this way.
A|You may discard as many Energy cards as you like from your hand. If you do, remove that many damage counters from Snorlax.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Fan Rotom's type is Colorless until the end of your turn.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Frost Rotom's type is Water until the end of your turn.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Heat Rotom's type is Fire until the end of your turn.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy card attached to each of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Mow Rotom's type is Grass until the end of your turn.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, choose 1 card from your opponent's hand without looking and discard it.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Wash Rotom's type is Water until the end of your turn.
A|Return all Energy cards attached to Absol G to your hand. The Defending Pokémon is Knocked Out at the end of your opponent's next turn.
A|If your opponent has any Water Pokémon in play, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. This attack does 40 damage to that Pokémon. Apply Weakness and Resistance.
P|If your opponent has 3 or less Prize cards left, Drifblim FB gets +40 HP.
A|Move a Lightning Energy card attached to Electivire FB to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|You may move a Fire Energy card attached to Magmortar to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Magmortar from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this power. Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Burned and Confused.
P|Each Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) gets -20 HP. No more than 20 HP can be reduced by all Gravitation Poké-Bodies.
A|Remove from Regigigas FB a number of damage counters equal to the amount of Energy attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon would be Knocked Out by this attack, discard the top 3 cards from your opponent's deck.
A|Before doing damage, you may switch your opponent's Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
A|If Venusaur already has 8 or more damage counters on it, the Defending Pokémon is now Burned, Confused, and Poisoned.
P|Remove all Special Conditions from each of your Grass Pokémon. Each of your Grass Pokémon can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
P|Arcanine G's Retreat Cost is Colorless less for each Fire Energy attached to Arcanine G.
A|Choose either Burned or Poisoned. The Defending Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition.
P|If your opponent's Active Pokémon has any Poké-Bodies, each of Butterfree FB's attacks does 30 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|You may move a Fire Energy card attached to 1 of your Benched Pokémon to Camerupt.
A|Flip 3 coins. For each tails, discard the top card of your deck. Ignore this effect if your opponent has any Water Pokémon in play.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has the same remaining HP as Claydol, this attack's base damage is 90 instead of 30.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Fighting Pokémon, this attack's base damage is 80 instead of 30.
A|If you played any Supporter card from your hand during this turn, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|During your next turn, any damage done by Mawile's Swallow or Bite to your opponent's Active Pokémon is increased by 40 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Remove from Mawile the number of damage counters equal to the damage you did to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Your opponent draws 2 cards.
A|If Mr. Mime already has 5 or more damage counters on it, this attack does 20 damage plus 40 more damage.
P|If Mr. Mime would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack that does 70 or more damage (after applying Weakness and Resistance), Mr. Mime is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
A|Discard the top card from your opponent's deck. If you discarded a Pokémon, this attack does damage equal to the HP of that Pokémon.
P|When you attach an Energy card from your hand to Roserade C, remove all Special Conditions from Roserade C.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, during your opponent's next turn, if Seaking would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, Seaking is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that has any damage counters on it. This attack does 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If Lunatone is in your discard pile, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage. Then, search your discard pile for Lunatone, show it to your opponent, and shuffle it into your deck.
A|If any Energy card attached to Spinda is the same type as any Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon, discard 1 of those Energy cards from the Defending Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon already has any damage counters on it, this attack's base damage is 10 instead of 30.
A|Remove all Special Conditions and 4 damage counters from Wailord. Wailord is now Asleep.
A|Wailord can't use Giant Wave during your next turn.
A|The Retreat Cost for the Defending Pokémon is 0 until the end of your next turn.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Special Energy cards attached to it, this attack does 20 damage plus 40 more damage. Then, discard a Special Energy card attached to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, remove from Carnivine the number of damage counters equal to the damage you did to the Defending Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Chatot G from your hand onto your Bench, you may look at the top 4 cards of your opponent's deck. Put them back on top of your opponent's deck in any order.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Pokémon SP, this attack's base damage is 80 instead of 20.
P|Once during your turn, when you play Ivysaur from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this power. Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Asleep.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 2 Energy cards and attach them to Manectric G.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Marshtomp is on your Bench, you may flip a coin. If heads, move all Energy cards attached to your Active Pokémon to Marshtomp. If you do, switch Marshtomp with that Active Pokémon.
P|If Metang has any Metal Energy attached to it, the Retreat Cost for Metang is 0.
A|Search your discard pile for a Lightning Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Remove from 1 of your Pokémon the number of damage counters equal to the damage you did to the Defending Pokémon.
A|Search your discard pile for up to 2 Fire Energy cards and attach them to Numel.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Stage 2 Pokémon, this attack does 50 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Attach a Lightning Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Search your discard pile for a Trainer card or a Supporter card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand.
A|Search your deck for a Stadium card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Attach a Grass Energy from your hand to Cherubi.
A|Draw a card for each of your opponent's Pokémon that isn't an Evolved Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Pokémon LV.X, this attack does 10 damage plus 50 more damage.
A|If Mudkip has less Energy attached to it than the Defending Pokémon, this attack does 10 damage plus 10 more damage.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Whenever any player plays any Pokémon from his or her hand to Level-Up 1 of his or her Pokémon, remove 4 damage counters from that Pokémon.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. The Retreat cost for each Pokémon SP (both yours and your opponent's) is Colorless less.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Look at the top 7 cards of your deck, choose 1 of them, and put it into your hand. Put the other cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Flip 2 coins. If either of them is heads, look at your opponent's hand. For each heads, choose 1 card from your opponent's hand and put it on the bottom of your opponent's deck in any order.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, put all cards in your hand on top of your deck. Then, search your deck for any 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|You can play only one Supporter card each turn. When you play this card, put it next to your Active Pokémon. When your turn ends, discard this card. Search your discard pile for up to 5 in any combination of Pokémon and basic Energy cards. Show them to your opponent and shuffle them into your deck.
A|You may discard a card from your hand. If you do, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Absol G LV.X from your hand onto your Active Absol G, you may flip 3 coins. For each heads, put the top card from your opponent's deck in the Lost Zone.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done to Blaziken FB by attacks is increased by 40 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Any damage done by attacks to a Burned Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) is increased by 40 (after applying Weakness and Resistance). No more than 40 damage can be added by all Burning Spirit Poké-Bodies.
P|If you have no cards in your hand, prevent all damage done to Milotic by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon's Retreat Cost is ColorlessColorless more.
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to Charizard.
P|Each of Charizard's attacks does 10 more damage for each Fire Pokémon on your Bench to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Once during your turn, when you play Froslass from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may search your deck for any 1 card and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|You may discard Helix Fossil, Dome Fossil, or Old Amber from your hand. If you do, this attack does 20 damage plus 50 more damage.
A|If Luxray has a Pokémon Tool card attached to it, you may do 100 damage instead of 60 to the Defending Pokémon. If you do, discard that Pokémon Tool card.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 in any combination of Burmy and Wormadam, show them to your opponent, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|If you don't have a Supporter card in play, each of Probopass's attacks does 30 more damage to the Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Before doing damage, count the remaining HP of the Defending Pokémon and Tangrowth. If the Defending Pokémon has fewer remaining HP than Tangrowth's, this attack does 120 damage instead.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your discard pile for an Energy card and attach it to Zapdos G.
A|You may discard all Lightning attached to Zapdos G. If you do, this attack's base damage is 80 instead of 40.
A|The Retreat Cost for Bronzong is 0 until the end of your next turn.
A|If there is any Stadium card in play, this attack does 20 damage plus 50 more damage. Discard that Stadium card.
A|Discard as many Fighting Energy cards as you like from your hand. The attack does 30 damage times the number of Fighting Energy cards you discarded.
A|If the Defending Pokémon has any Resistance, this attack's base damage is 120 instead of 60.
A|Remove all Special Conditions from Lopunny.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Evolved Pokémon. Remove the highest Stage Evolution card from that Pokémon and have your opponent shuffle that card into his or her deck.
A|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck, choose 1 of them, and put it into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Porygon-Z G from your hand onto your Bench, you may search your discard pile for up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards, show them to your opponent, and shuffle them into your deck.
A|Discard a Lightning Energy card attached to Raichu.
A|If Raticate has a Pokémon Tool card attached to it, this attack does 20 damage plus 40 more damage.
P|When you attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to Sceptile, remove 2 damage counters from Sceptile.
A|If you have the same number of cards in your hand as your opponent, this attack does 30 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, during your opponent's next turn, if Gulpin would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, Gulpin is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from Ponyta and put it onto Ponyta. (This counts as evolving Ponyta.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If Shelgon has any basic Fire Energy and any basic Water Energy attached to it, this attack does 40 damage plus 20 more damage.
A|If you have Wormadam Sandy Cloak in play, the Defending Pokémon is now Burned, Confused, and Poisoned.
A|If you have Wormadam Trash Cloak in play, this attack does 60 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|You may search your opponent's discard pile for any 1 card, show it to your opponent, and put it on top of his or her deck.
A|If you played Beedrill G from your hand during this turn, this attack's base damage is 40 instead of 10.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that doesn't have any damage counters on it. This attack does 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Burmy Plant Cloak can evolve during the turn you play it.
P|Burmy Sandy Cloak can evolve during the turn you play it.
P|Burmy Trash Cloak can evolve during the turn you play it.
A|Search your deck for a Fire Basic Pokémon, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if Nosepass would be damaged by an attack, prevent that attack's damage done to Nosepass if that damage is 30 or less.
A|During your next turn, Wingull can't use Slashing Strike.
T|Attach Expert Belt to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card. The Pokémon this card is attached to gets +20 HP and that Pokémon's attacks do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). When the Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out, your opponent takes 1 more Prize card.
A|Discard a Lightning Energy and a Psychic Energy attached to Arceus.
P|Arceus LV.X's type is the same type as its previous Level.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), when you put Salamence LV.X from your hand onto your Active Salamence, you may use this power. For each of your opponent's Pokémon that is Knocked Out by damage from Salamence's attacks this turn, take 1 more Prize card.
A|Search your discard pile for as many Grass Energy cards as you like and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|If your opponent has only 1 Prize card left, this attack does 10 damage plus 30 more damage.
A|If you have more Prize cards left than your opponent, this attack does 20 damage plus 60 more damage.
A|If you have 6 Arceus in play and each of them is a different type, search your deck for up to 6 basic Energy cards. Attach each of those Energy cards to a different Pokémon you have in play. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Arceus by Pokémon LV.X during your opponent's next turn.
A|If your opponent has any Benched Pokémon, choose 1 of them and flip a coin. If heads, this attack does 20 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Murkrow can't be Asleep.
A|If the Pokémon tries to attack during your opponent's next turn, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, that attack does nothing.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Plusle during your opponent's next turn.
A|During your next turn, base damage of Swellow's Agility is 70 instead of 30.
P|If Suicune is Burned or Poisoned by an opponent's attack (even if Suicune is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now affected by the same Special Conditions (1 if there is only 1).
A|Venusaur can't use Hard Plant during your next turn.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Once during each player's turn, when that player attaches an Energy card from his or her hand to 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon, he or she removes 1 damage counter from that Pokémon.
A|Prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to Celebi ex by your opponent's Pokémon-ex during your opponent's next turn.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Celebi ex from your hand onto your Bench, you may search your discard pile for a card, show it to your opponent, and put it on top of your deck.
A|Draw a card. If you have Plusle in play, draw 2 cards instead.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that has any Poké-Powers. This attack does 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Draw a card. If you have Minun in play, draw 2 cards instead.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that has any Poké-Bodies. This attack does 30 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to Combusken.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each player pays Colorless less to retreat his or her Fire and Water Pokémon.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. Each Grass and Lightning Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) gets +10 HP.
A|Discard a Fire Energy attached to Ho-Oh.
A|If your opponent has any Pokémon-ex in play, search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards and attach them to Mew. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Zangoose during your opponent's next turn.
P|Once during your turn, when you put Espeon Star from your hand onto your Bench, you may use this power. Each Active Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) is now Confused.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, put 1 of your Benched Pokémon and all cards attached to it on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search your discard pile for a Trainer card, show it to your opponent, an put it into your hand.
A|Flip a coin. If heads discard a Fire Energy attached to Chimchar.
A|Discard a Fire and a Water Energy attached to Latias.
P|Prevent all effects, excluding damage, done to Wormadam Sandy Cloak.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if Burmy Sandy Cloak is your Active Pokémon, you may search your discard pile for a basic Fighting Energy card and attach it to Burmy Sandy Cloak.
P|Riolu can't be Paralyzed.
A|Look at the top 7 cards of your deck, choose 1 of them, and put it into your hand. Put the other cards back on top of your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|If Raichu evolved from Pikachu during this turn, this attack's base damage is 100 instead of 60.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this power. Rotom's type is Psychic until the end of your turn.
A|If you have Pachirisu in play, flip a coin. If heads, prevent all effects of an attack, including damage, done to Buizel during your opponent's next turn.
A|If you have Turtwig in play, remove from Croagunk the number of damage counters equal to the damage you did to the Defending Pokémon.
A|If Piplup has less Energy attached to it than the Defending Pokémon, this attack does 10 damage plus more 10 more damage.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|If you have Karrablast in play, this Pokémon can evolve during your first turn or the turn you play it.
A|Look at the top card of your deck. You may discard that card.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Energy attached to this Pokémon.
A|Discard a Fire Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Discard all Lightning Energy from this Pokémon. This attack does 50 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Put 1 of your Benched Pokémon and all attached cards into your hand.
A|Move all damage counters from 1 of your Benched Pokémon to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Look at the top 5 cards of your opponent's deck and put them back in any order.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each damage counter on all of your Benched Fighting Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may devolve 1 of your opponent's evolved Pokémon by putting the highest Stage Evolution card on it into your opponent's hand.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Darkness Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Your opponent reveals their hand, and you put a Basic Pokémon with 70 HP or less that you find there onto your opponent's Bench.
P|If your opponent's Basic Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack used by this Pokémon, take 1 more Prize card.
A|Attach a Basic Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon.
T|If the Pokémon this card is attached to doesn't have a Rule Box, the attacks it uses do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon ex (before applying Weakness and Resistance). (Pokémon ex, Pokémon V, etc. have Rule Boxes.) You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Each player shuffles their hand into their deck. Then, flip a coin. If heads, you draw 5 cards, and your opponent draws 3 cards. If tails, you draw 3 cards, and your opponent draws 5 cards.
T|Search your deck for an Evolution Pokémon and an Energy card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Remove from Venusaur the number of damage counters equal to the damage you did to the Defending Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Water Pokémon, this attack does 60 damage plus 40 more damage.
A|Each player flips a coin. Each player who gets heads chooses a total of 3 damage counters from among his or her Pokémon and removes them. (If the player's Pokémon have fewer total damage counters than that, he or she removes all of them.)
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and switch it with the Defending Pokémon.
A|Flip a number of coins equal to the number of Water Energy attached to Tentacruel. For each heads, draw 2 cards.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, put your opponent's Active Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your opponent's hand.
A|Move an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon to 1 of their Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Attach 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Heal 20 damage and remove all Special Conditions from this Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may have your opponent reveal their hand. Then, discard a card from it.
A|Discard up to 2 Water Energy cards from your hand. This attack does 60 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Put 1 of your Benched Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your hand.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard all cards attached to this Pokémon and return it to your hand. You can't use this Ability during your first turn or on the turn this Pokémon was put into play.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Fire Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, put 6 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
A|Look at 1 of your face-down Prize cards.
A|Discard all Lightning Energy from this Pokémon. This attack does 30 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
P|Each Basic Pokémon in play, in each player's hand, and in each player's discard pile has no Abilities.
P|Whenever your opponent's Active Pokémon retreats, their new Active Pokémon is Poisoned.
A|The Defending Pokémon can't be healed during your opponent's next turn.
A|Discard any amount of Fighting Energy from your Pokémon. This attack does 50 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each of your Benched Passimian.
A|Attach a Fighting Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for a number of cards up to the number of your Benched Pokémon and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Discard all Pokémon Tool cards from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Before doing damage, discard all Pokémon Tool cards from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Discard all Special Energy from each Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, you may attach any number of Energy cards from your hand to your Pokémon.
A|Discard a Grass Energy and a Lightning Energy from this Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon's attacks do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put an Item card from your discard pile into your hand.
A|During your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon's attacks do 50 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may have your opponent reveal their hand.
T|Heal 20 damage and remove a Special Condition from your Active Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. When your Active Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may move 1 basic Energy card from that Pokémon to the Pokémon this card is attached to. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Each player shuffles their hand into their deck and flips a coin. If heads, that player draws 6 cards. If tails, they draw 3 cards.
T|Search your deck for a Basic Pokémon and put it onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Poisoned. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Draw 2 cards. During this turn, your Pokémon's attacks do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|Choose 1 of your Basic Pokémon in play. If you have a Stage 2 card in your hand that evolves from that Pokémon, put that card onto the Basic Pokémon to evolve it. You can't use this card during your first turn or on a Basic Pokémon that was put into play this turn. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Your opponent switches their Active Pokémon with 1 of their Benched Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|After counting your Prize cards, shuffle them into your deck. Then, take that many cards from the top of your deck and put them face down as your Prize cards. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Your opponent reveals their hand. Discard 2 Energy cards from it.
T|Flip 2 coins. For each heads, search your deck for an Evolution Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
A|Search your deck for up to 3 basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if your opponent's Bench isn't full, you may flip a coin. If heads, your opponent reveals their hand. Put a Basic Pokémon you find there onto their Bench.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, choose Asleep, Burned, Confused, or Poisoned. Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition.
A|Look at the top 7 cards of your deck and put 1 of them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|The Defending Pokémon has no Abilities until the end of your next turn.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Lightning Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, put damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon until its remaining HP is 10.
A|Attach 2 Fire Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Draw a card. If you do, this Pokémon is now Asleep.
A|Discard a Grass Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Discard any number of Fire Energy cards from your hand. This attack does 50 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Shuffle any amount of Water Energy from your Pokémon into your deck. This attack does 60 damage for each card you shuffled into your deck in this way.
P|You can use this Ability only if you go second. Once during your first turn (before your attack), you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Confused.
A|You can use this attack only if you have at least 3 more Prize cards remaining than your opponent. Attach all Lightning Energy cards from your discard pile to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|This attack does 10 damage to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|This attack does 30 damage for each of your Pokémon that has any damage counters on it.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may discard your hand and draw 6 cards. You can't use more than 1 Dedechange Ability each turn.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach this card from your hand to 1 of your Vikavolt or Vikavolt-GX as a Special Energy card. This card provides 2 Lightning Energy only while it's attached to a Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon until the end of your opponent's next turn.
P|When this Pokémon is Knocked Out, search your deck for up to 2 Haunter and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put 6 damage counters on your opponent's Pokémon-GX and Pokémon-EX in any way you like.
P|When your opponent's Active Pokémon is Knocked Out, flip a coin. If heads, choose which of your opponent's Benched Pokémon becomes their new Active Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may put a Supporter card from your discard pile on top of your deck.
A|Draw 3 cards. If you do, this Pokémon is now Asleep.
A|The Defending Pokémon's Weakness is now Psychic until the end of your next turn. (The amount of Weakness doesn't change.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may discard any Stadium card in play. If you do, discard this Pokémon and all cards attached to it.
P|If you discard this Pokémon with the effect of Giovanni's Exile, discard the top card of your opponent's deck.
A|This attack does 20 less damage for each Colorless in your opponent's Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Basic Pokémon, it can't attack during your opponent's next turn.
P|If this Pokémon has no Energy attached to it, it has no Retreat Cost.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If you use this Ability, your turn ends.
P|If your opponent has 3 or fewer Prize cards remaining, this Pokémon's maximum HP is 200.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may look at the top 6 cards of your deck and attach any number of Darkness Energy cards you find there to this Pokémon. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put 1 damage counter on this Pokémon.
A|If your opponent's Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from this attack, this Pokémon's attacks do 120 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon during your next turn (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|This attack does 50 damage for each Colorless in your opponent's Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost.
A|The Pokémon that has the least HP remaining, except for this Pokémon, is Knocked Out. (If multiple Pokémon are tied, choose one.)
P|If your opponent has any Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Fairy Energy cards and attach them to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Move any number of Energy from your Pokémon to your other Pokémon in any way you like.
A|During your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon's attacks do 30 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Attach an Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Draw 2 cards. If you do, this Pokémon is now Asleep.
P|Ignore all Energy in the attack costs of each of your Pokémon in play that has the Caturday attack.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if 1 of your Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX was Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn, you may search your deck for up to 2 cards and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You can't use more than 1 Cat Walk Ability each turn.
A|Before doing damage, discard all Pokémon Tool cards from your opponent's Active Pokémon. If you discarded a Pokémon Tool card in this way, heal all damage from this Pokémon.
A|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, search your deck for an Energy card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Between turns, heal 10 damage from this Pokémon.
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw a card for each card in your opponent's hand.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If you have exactly 6 Prize cards remaining, and if your opponent's Active Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX is Knocked Out by damage from an attack of the Ultra Beast this card is attached to, take 1 more Prize card. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Look at the top 3 cards of your opponent's deck and choose 1 of them. Your opponent shuffles the other cards back into their deck. Then, put the card you chose on top of their deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Devolve 1 of your evolved Pokémon by shuffling any number of Evolution cards on it into your deck. (That Pokémon can't evolve this turn.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for a Mismagius, Honchkrow, Chandelure, or Aegislash, including Pokémon-GX, that evolves from 1 of your Pokémon in play, and put it onto that Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck. You can use this card during your first turn or on a Pokémon that was put into play this turn. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Whenever either player switches their Poisoned Active Pokémon with 1 of their Benched Pokémon with the effect of a Trainer card, the new Active Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|You can play this card only if you discard 2 other cards from your hand. Search your deck for up to 2 in any combination of Lightning Pokémon-GX and Lightning Pokémon-EX, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for a basic Energy card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you go second and it's your first turn, search for up to 3 basic Energy cards instead of 1. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Put 3 Fire Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Discard up to 2 of your Benched Pokémon that have no damage counters on them and all cards attached to them.
T|Look at the top 4 cards of your deck and put 2 of them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Confused and Poisoned.
T|You can play this card only if you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent. During this turn, you can play 3 Supporter cards (including this card).
T|The attacks of non-Ultra Beast Pokémon that have any basic Fighting Energy attached to them (both yours and your opponent's) do 10 more damage to the opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). If the attacking player has more Prize cards remaining than their opponent, those attacks do 40 more damage instead. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|You can play this card only if you discard 2 Metal Energy cards from your hand. Shuffle a Trainer card from your discard pile into your deck.
T|Pokémon-GX and Pokémon-EX in play (both yours and your opponent's) have no Abilities. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|You can play this card only if you discard 2 other cards from your hand. Search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Put a card from your opponent's discard pile into their hand. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|During this turn, damage from your Ultra Beasts' attacks isn't affected by any effects on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
T|Attach up to 2 Fire Energy cards from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon. If you do, draw 3 cards.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from 1 of your Grass Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon to evolve it. If that Pokémon is now a Stage 1 Pokémon, search your deck for a Stage 2 Pokémon that evolves from that Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Whenever you play a Pokémon that has the Spore attack from your hand during your turn, you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Asleep and Poisoned.
P|Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from your Bench to become your Active Pokémon, you may move any number of Fire Energy from your other Pokémon to it.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards of different types and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Search your deck for a Fire Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Discard any number of Supporter cards from your hand. This attack does 40 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put a Misty's Favor card from your discard pile into your hand.
A|Put up to 7 damage counters on this Pokémon. This attack does 20 damage for each damage counter you placed in this way.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon has any Water Energy attached to it, it is now Paralyzed.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Basculin you have in play to 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Pokémon Tool cards attached to your opponent's Pokémon have no effect.
A|Your opponent can't play any Item cards from their hand during their next turn.
A|During your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon's attacks cost Colorless more, and its Retreat Cost is Colorless more.
P|If this Pokémon has 2 or fewer Energy attached to it, it has no Retreat Cost.
A|If your opponent has any Ultra Beasts in play, this attack can be used for Colorless.
A|Discard any amount of Lightning Energy from this Pokémon. Then, for each Energy you discarded in this way, choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon and do 30 damage to it. (You can choose the same Pokémon more than once.) This damage isn't affected by Weakness or Resistance.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your hand and you have at least 4 Lightning Energy cards in play, you may play this Pokémon onto your Bench. If you do, move any number of Lightning Energy from your other Pokémon to this Pokémon.
P|This Pokémon can use the attacks of any Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX on your Bench or in your discard pile. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
A|Discard your hand.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, choose a random card from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals that card and shuffles it into their deck. If you use this Ability, your turn ends.
P|If you have 4 or fewer Pokémon in play, this Pokémon can't attack.
A|Search your deck for an Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Psychic Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Don't apply Psychic Weakness when Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) take damage from attacks.
P|If you have Mesprit and Azelf in play, apply Weakness for each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) as ×4 instead.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may discard a Special Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Discard a Psychic Energy from this Pokémon.
A|Look at the top 4 cards of either player's deck and put them back in any order.
A|Shuffle this Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your deck. Your opponent can't play any Item cards from their hand during their next turn.
A|This attack does 10 damage for each Item card in your discard pile. You can't do more than 130 damage in this way.
P|If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, put it into your hand instead of the discard pile. (Discard all cards attached to it.)
A|During your next turn, your Pokémon can't attack. (This includes Pokémon that come into play on that turn.)
A|Shuffle 4 cards from your discard pile into your deck.
A|Attach an Energy card from your hand to 1 of your TAG TEAM Pokémon.
A|Attach a Fighting Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|If your opponent's Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX is Knocked Out by damage from this attack, take 1 more Prize card.
A|Discard a Pokémon Tool card from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may have your opponent reveal their hand and put any number of Basic Pokémon you find there onto their Bench.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|If this Pokémon has any Water Energy attached to it, it has no Retreat Cost.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Water Energy card, a Lightning Energy card, or 1 of each from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|Whenever your opponent plays an Item or Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard any Stadium card in play. If you do, attach up to 3 in any combination of Fire and Metal Energy cards from your hand to this Pokémon.
A|Draw a card for each of your Pokémon in play that has a Retreat Cost of exactly 4.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each of your TAG TEAM Pokémon in play.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if they attach an Energy card from their hand to the Defending Pokémon, their turn ends.
A|You may do 100 more damage. If you do, during your opponent's next turn, this Pokémon takes 100 more damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, except damage, done to this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, put a card from your discard pile on top of your deck. If you use this Ability, your turn ends.
A|You may have each player shuffle all cards attached to their Active Pokémon into their deck.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX, this attack's base damage is 30.
A|Put a Pokémon from your hand face down in front of you. Your opponent guesses the type of that Pokémon, and then you reveal it. If your opponent guessed right, they draw 4 cards. If they guessed wrong, you draw 4 cards. Return the Pokémon to your hand.
P|If this Pokémon remains Asleep between turns, put 6 damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
T|Put a Pokémon from your hand face down in front of you and tell your opponent the name of an attack it has. Your opponent guesses the name of that Pokémon, and then you reveal it. If your opponent guessed right, they draw 4 cards. If they guessed wrong, you draw 4 cards. Return the Pokémon to your hand.
T|Pokémon with 40 HP or less remaining (both yours and your opponent's) can't attack. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Remove all effects of attacks on you and each of your Pokémon.
T|Basic Darkness Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) have no Retreat Cost. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if that Pokémon is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Confused. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to has the Air Slash attack, it can use the GX attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If this card is attached to 1 of your Pokémon, discard it at the end of your opponent's turn. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is your Active Pokémon and takes 180 or more damage from an opponent's attack (even if this Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 10 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may discard a card from their hand. If they do, that player searches their deck for up to 2 Fire Energy cards, reveals them, and puts them into their hand. Then, that player shuffles their deck. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Heal 50 damage from your Active Pokémon-GX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Move up to 3 damage counters from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon to another of their Pokémon.
T|Look at the top 6 cards of your deck and put 2 of them into your hand. Discard the other cards.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent, the attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to cost Fighting less. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Supporter cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to has the Tackle attack, it can use the GX attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Pokémon that have a Retreat Cost of exactly 4, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may search their deck for up to 2 Pokémon that evolve from Unidentified Fossil, put those Pokémon onto their Bench, and shuffle their deck. If a player searches their deck in this way, their turn ends. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Your opponent shuffles their hand into their deck and draws a card for each of their remaining Prize cards. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|If a Pokémon is Asleep, its owner flips 2 coins instead of 1 for that Special Condition between turns. If either of them is tails, that Pokémon is still Asleep. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Flip 2 coins. For each heads, search your deck for a Stadium card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Move up to 2 Energy from 1 of your TAG TEAM Pokémon to another of your Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Play this card as if it were a 60-HP Colorless Basic Pokémon. At any time during your turn (before your attack), you may discard this card from play. This card can't retreat. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Retreat Cost of the Pokémon this card is attached to is Colorless less. If this card is discarded from play, put it into your hand instead of the discard pile. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may discard a card from their hand. If they do, that player searches their deck for a basic Energy card, reveals it, and puts it into their hand. Then, that player shuffles their deck. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
A|Attach 2 Water Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, discard 2 random cards from your opponent's hand.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is discarded with the effect of Jessie & James, you may have your opponent discard a card from their hand. (They discard that card after the effect of Jessie & James.)
A|This attack does 20 damage to 3 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Each player draws a card.
T|Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal up to 2 Trainer cards you find there and put them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|You can play this card only when it is the last card in your hand. Draw 2 cards for each Fire Pokémon you have in play.
T|Onix-GX (both yours and your opponent's) take 40 less damage from the opponent's attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance). This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Attach an Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Geodude, Graveler, Golem, Onix-GX, Cubone, Rhyhorn, Rhydon, or Sudowoodo.
T|You can play this card only if you have 4 or fewer other cards in your hand. Draw a card for each of your opponent's Pokémon in play.
T|Each player discards 2 cards from their hand. Your opponent discards first.
T|The attacks of Starmie-GX (both yours and your opponent's) do 40 more damage to the opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Discard a card from your hand. If you do, look at the top 8 cards of your deck and put 1 of them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|Move any number of Water Energy from your Pokémon to your Psyduck, Horsea, Staryu, Starmie-GX, Magikarp, Gyarados, or Lapras in any way you like.
T|Your opponent reveals their hand. You may choose a Supporter card you find there and use the effect of that card as the effect of this card.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, when you attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to it, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with their Active Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, ignore all Energy in the attack costs of Grass Pokémon and Fire Pokémon. (This includes Pokémon that come into play on that turn.)
P|The attacks of your Pokémon-GX in play that evolve from Eevee do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You can't apply more than 1 Power Cheer Ability at a time.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may look at the top 8 cards of your deck and attach any number of basic Energy cards you find there to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Fire Energy card from your hand. If you do, put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Discard all Pokémon Tool cards and Special Energy from each of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|You may attach up to 3 Water Energy cards from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like. If you do, heal 50 damage from those Pokémon for each card you attached to them in this way.
P|Your Pokémon-GX in play that evolve from Eevee get +60 HP. You can't apply more than 1 Vitality Cheer Ability at a time.
A|Your opponent can't play any Trainer cards from their hand during their next turn. If 1 of your Pokémon used Cold Snap during your last turn, this attack can't be used.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may have your opponent switch their Active Pokémon with 1 of their Benched Pokémon. If you do, discard all cards attached to this Pokémon and put it on the bottom of your deck.
A|Attach an Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|At the end of your opponent's turn, if this Pokémon has any damage counters on it, flip a coin. If tails, shuffle this Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your deck.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each of your Wishiwashi and Wishiwashi-GX in play.
A|During your next turn, the Defending Pokémon takes 60 more damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|The attacks of your Pokémon-GX in play that evolve from Eevee cost Colorless less. You can't apply more than 1 Speed Cheer Ability at a time.
A|You may have your opponent shuffle their deck.
P|As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may look at the top card of your opponent's deck.
P|Once during your turn, when you discard this Pokémon with the effect of Roxie, you may put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon. (Place damage counters after the effect of Roxie.)
A|Discard this Pokémon and all cards attached to it.
P|If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, put 4 damage counters on your opponent's Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Discard a card from your hand. If you do, draw 2 cards.
A|Attach 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Your opponent chooses 1 of their own Pokémon. This attack does 90 damage to that Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is Poisoned, put 10 damage counters instead of 1 on that Pokémon between turns.
A|You may have your opponent switch their Active Pokémon with 1 of their Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn, you may draw 3 cards. You can't use more than 1 Dance of Tribute Ability each turn.
A|Discard a Supporter card from your hand. If you do, use the effect of that card as the effect of this attack.
A|Choose 2 of your opponent's Pokémon and put 2 damage counters on each of them.
P|Pokémon-GX that have any damage counters on them (both yours and your opponent's) have no Abilities.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Solgaleo in play, you may search your deck for up to 2 Energy cards and attach them to your Solgaleo or Lunala in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Search your deck for a Stadium card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Whenever your opponent plays a Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to this Pokémon.
A|Attach up to 2 Fighting Energy cards from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Shuffle a card from your discard pile into your deck.
A|Discard the top 4 cards of your deck.
P|If your opponent has any Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX in play, this Pokémon's attacks cost ColorlessColorlessColorless less.
A|Discard a Special Energy from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Discard any number of Pokémon with a Retreat Cost of exactly 4 from your hand. This attack does 50 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Put this Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your hand. If you do, you may play Lillie's Poké Doll from your hand as your new Active Pokémon.
A|This attack does 10 damage for each Pokémon Tool card in your discard pile.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each of your Pokémon, except p (Prism Star) Pokémon, in the Lost Zone.
A|Put a card from your hand in the Lost Zone. If you do, draw 3 cards.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Fairy Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may choose 2 random cards from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals those cards and shuffles them into their deck.
A|Discard up to 3 in any combination of basic Fire and basic Lightning Energy cards from your Benched Pokémon. This attack does 90 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
P|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX, this Pokémon can evolve during the turn you play it.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Asleep. If you use this Ability, your turn ends.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put the top card of your opponent's deck on the bottom of their deck without looking at it.
A|Discard up to 2 cards from your hand. This attack does 60 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon's attacks do 60 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may discard an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon. If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may discard an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
T|Discard 3 cards from the top of each player's deck. When you play this card, you may discard 3 other cards from your hand. If you do, each player discards their Benched Pokémon until they have 3 Benched Pokémon. Your opponent discards first.
T|Whenever either player plays a Stadium card from their hand, discard that Stadium card after discarding this one. (The new Stadium card has no effect.) This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Discard the top 7 cards of your deck. If any of those cards are Item cards, put them into your hand.
T|Put a Supporter card from your discard pile into your hand. You can't choose Cynthia & Caitlin or a card you discarded with the effect of this card. When you play this card, you may discard another card from your hand. If you do, draw 3 cards.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to has the Dragon Claw attack, it can use the GX attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Each player may draw up to 3 cards. You draw first.
T|You can play this card only if you discard 2 other cards from your hand. Switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX with their Active Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for a Stadium card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. When you play this card, you may discard 2 other cards from your hand. If you do, you may also search for a Pokémon Tool card and a Special Energy card in this way.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX this card is attached to gets -100 HP, and when it is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, that player takes 1 fewer Prize card. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Shuffle a Pokémon and a Pokémon Tool card from your discard pile into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Draw 4 cards. At the end of this turn, if you have 3 or more cards in your hand, shuffle cards from your hand into your deck until you have 2 cards in your hand.
T|Play this card as if it were a 30-HP Colorless Basic Pokémon. At any time during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may discard all cards from it and put it on the bottom of your deck. This card can't retreat. If this card is Knocked Out, your opponent can't take any Prize cards for it. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Switch your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon. When you play this card, you may discard 2 other cards from your hand. If you do, heal 120 damage from the Pokémon you moved to your Bench.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Water Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. When you play this card, you may discard 5 other cards from your hand. If you do, during this turn, your Water Pokémon can use their GX attacks even if you have used your GX attack.
T|Discard the top 6 cards of your deck. If any of those cards are basic Energy cards, attach them to 1 of your Benched Dragon Pokémon.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Pokémon of different types and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Search your deck for a Pokémon-GX that evolves from 1 of your Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck. (You can't use this card during your first turn or on a Pokémon that was put into play this turn.) When you play this card, you may discard 2 other cards from your hand. If you do, search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards and attach them to the Pokémon you evolved in this way.
T|Discard a card from your hand. If you do, draw 2 cards. If you discarded an Energy card in this way, draw 2 more cards.
T|Discard up to 2 Pokémon that aren't Pokémon-GX or Pokémon-EX from your hand. Draw 3 cards for each card you discarded in this way.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 TAG TEAM cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|The next time you flip any number of coins for the effect of an attack, Ability, or Trainer card this turn, choose heads or tails for the first coin flip.
P|Once during your turn, after you flip any coins for an attack, you may ignore all results of those coin flips and begin flipping those coins again. You can't use more than 1 Victory Star Ability each turn.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 Pokémon to another Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Burned and Poisoned.
A|Search your deck for a Poliwag, a Poliwhirl, and a Poliwrath, and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|You may shuffle this Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your deck.
A|Put a Basic Pokémon from either player's discard pile onto its owner's Bench.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
A|This attack does 30 less damage for each Colorless in your opponent's Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost.
A|This attack does 30 damage to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may move any number of Lightning Energy from your other Pokémon to this Pokémon. If you do, switch this Pokémon with your Active Pokémon.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Item card in your opponent's discard pile.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Move all Energy from this Pokémon to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
P|Prevent all damage done to your Benched Pokémon by your opponent's attacks. Your opponent's attacks and Abilities can't put damage counters on your Benched Pokémon.
P|Your opponent can't have more than 4 Benched Pokémon. If they have 5 or more Benched Pokémon, they discard Benched Pokémon until they have 4 Pokémon on the Bench. If more than one effect changes the number of Benched Pokémon allowed, use the smaller number.
A|Discard the top 3 cards of your deck. This attack does 100 damage for each Energy card you discarded in this way.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with their Active Pokémon.
A|This Pokémon is Knocked Out.
A|Your opponent can't play any Supporter cards from their hand during their next turn.
A|Put all Energy attached to this Pokémon into your hand. At the end of your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon will be Knocked Out.
A|Discard a Metal Energy from this Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Knocked Out during your next turn, take 2 more Prize cards.
P|Each of your Pokémon that has any Fairy Energy attached to it can't be affected by any Special Conditions. Remove any Special Conditions affecting those Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If head, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may heal 80 damage from your Active Pokémon.
A|Look at the top card of your opponent's deck.
A|Look at the top 2 cards of your opponent's deck, discard 1 of them, and put the other card back.
A|Put all Energy attached to this Pokémon into your hand.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may draw 3 cards.
T|Basic Grass and Basic Lightning Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) take 30 less damage from the opponent's attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance). This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|The Retreat Cost of each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) that has any Psychic or Darkness Energy attached to it is ColorlessColorless less. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Fire Pokémon and Metal Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) have no Weakness. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Attach a Water Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Water Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may search their deck for a Basic Water Pokémon or Basic Fighting Pokémon and, put it onto their Bench, and shuffle their deck. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal an Energy card you find there and put it into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Choose up to 2 in any combination of Pokémon Tool cards and Stadium cards in play (yours or your opponent's) and discard them. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Shuffle your hand into your deck. If you have used your GX attack, draw 7 cards. If not, draw 4 cards.
T|Search your deck for 2 cards, shuffle your deck, and put those cards on top of your deck in any order.
T|Move an Energy from 1 of your Benched Pokémon to your Active Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Choose 1: • Put a Pokémon from your discard pile into your hand. • Shuffle 3 Pokémon from your discard pile into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for 2 cards, shuffle your deck, then put those cards on top of it in any order.
A|Heal all damage from all of your Pokémon. Shuffle this Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your deck.
A|You may attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Energy can't be attached to the Defending Pokémon from your opponent's hand during their next turn.
P|During your first turn, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each Prize card you have taken.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each Magikarp in your discard pile.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Paralyzed.
A|If you have no cards in your hand, ignore all Energy in this attack's cost.
P|Put 1 more damage counter on your opponent's Poisoned Pokémon between turns.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may have your opponent reveal their hand. Put a Basic Pokémon you find there onto your opponent's Bench, and put 3 damage counters on that Pokémon.
A|Discard all cards from both Active Pokémon.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from Colorless Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may discard the top 3 cards of your opponent's deck.
P|If you have Solrock in play, Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) can't be healed.
P|This Pokémon can use the attacks of any Basic Pokémon in your discard pile. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
A|This attack does 60 damage to each Pokémon that has an Ability (both yours and your opponent's). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your discard pile, you may put it onto your Bench. Then, attach a Darkness Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Fairy Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from 1 of your Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Heal from this Pokémon 30 damage times the amount of Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Your opponent can't play any Special Energy cards from their hand during their next turn.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may devolve each of your opponent's evolved Pokémon by putting the highest Stage Evolution card on it into your opponent's hand.
T|Put 1 of your Pokémon that has any damage counters on it and all cards attached to it into your hand.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Stage 1 Pokémon this card is attached to gets +40 HP. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for up to 4 Fire Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck. Your turn ends.
T|Heal 50 damage from each of your Pokémon that has any Water Energy attached to it.
T|The Retreat Cost of each Basic Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) is Colorless more. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 Pokémon-GX, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Discard 2 cards from your hand. If you do, discard an Energy from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
T|Whenever any player plays a Pokémon from their hand to evolve 1 of their Pokémon, put 3 damage counters on that Pokémon. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Look at the top 4 cards of your deck and put them back in any order or shuffle them into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Discard 2 cards from your hand. If you do, draw 4 cards.
T|Choose a random card from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals that card. If it's a Supporter card, discard it. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Pokémon this card is attached to has no Weakness. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Each player counts the cards in their hand, shuffles those cards into their deck, then draws that many cards.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, move up to 3 basic Energy cards from that Pokémon to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
P|This Pokémon can use the attacks of Basic Pokémon in your discard pile. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
T|Discard 2 cards from your hand. If you do, discard an Energy attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|Each basic Grass Energy attached to your Pokémon provides GrassGrass Energy. You can't apply more than 1 Jungle Totem Ability at a time.
A|You may attach a basic Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move a Grass Energy from 1 of your other Pokémon to this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may move all Energy from your Active Pokémon to this Pokémon. If you do, switch it with your Active Pokémon.
A|Attach a Lightning Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may have each player shuffle their hand into their deck and draw 4 cards.
T|Move 3 damage counters from 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
A|If this Pokémon evolved from Kakuna during this turn, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Paralyzed and Poisoned.
A|For each Energy attached to your opponent's Pokémon, attach a Fire Energy card from your discard pile to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may shuffle this Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your deck.
A|Shuffle 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon that has any damage counters on it and all cards attached to it into their deck.
P|If there is any Stadium card in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
P|Whenever your opponent attaches an Energy card from their hand to 1 of their Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
A|Your opponent can't play any Pokémon Tool, Special Energy, or Stadium cards from their hand during their next turn.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each card in your opponent's hand.
P|This Pokémon can't be Confused.
A|Your opponent can't play any Pokémon that has an Ability from their hand during their next turn.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may leave both Active Pokémon Confused and Poisoned.
A|During your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon's attacks do 30 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose 3 of your Benched Pokémon. Then, discard your other Benched Pokémon.
A|Discard the top 5 cards of your deck. If any of those cards are Energy cards, attach them to this Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may discard a Special Energy from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, this Pokémon takes 30 more damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Choose 2 cards from your discard pile. Then, ask your opponent if you may put them into your hand. If yes, put those cards into your hand. If no, this attack does 80 damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|Your Basic Pokémon in play have no Retreat Cost.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to discards Energy for its Retreat Cost, put that Energy into your hand instead of the discard pile. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|The attacks of Darkness Pokémon and Dragon Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) do 10 more damage to the opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Silvally-GX this card is attached to is a Fighting Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Look at your face-down Prize cards and put 1 of them into your hand. Then, shuffle this Gladion into your remaining Prize cards and put them back face down. If you didn't play this Gladion from your hand, it does nothing.
T|Put 2 in any combination of Supporter and Stadium cards from your discard pile into your hand.
T|Your opponent reveals their hand. You may have your opponent count the cards in their hand, shuffle those cards into their deck, then draw that many cards. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Silvally-GX this card is attached to is a Psychic Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Special Conditions are not removed when Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) evolve or devolve. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
A|Move any number of Grass Energy from your Pokémon to your other Pokémon in any way you like.
P|If you have 9 or more Pokémon Tool cards in your discard pile, ignore all Energy in the attack cost of each of this Pokémon's attacks.
P|Put 6 damage counters instead of 2 on your opponent's Burned Pokémon between turns.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Benched Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's).
A|Discard a Water Energy from this Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may attach a Water Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|As long as this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, your opponent's Pokémon-GX and Pokémon-EX in play, in their hand, and in their discard pile have no Abilities, except for Freezing Gaze.
A|Shuffle 5 Water Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Metal Pokémon, it is now Paralyzed.
P|If you go second, this Pokémon can evolve during your first turn.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may attach 2 Psychic Energy cards from your hand to it.
A|For each of your opponent's Pokémon in play, attach a Psychic Energy card from your discard pile to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may switch it with your Active Pokémon.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Basic Pokémon, it is Knocked Out.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have Garchomp in play, you may search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|You can use this attack only if you go second, and only on your first turn. Discard an Energy from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each of your opponent's Pokémon that has an Ability.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may attach 2 Darkness Energy cards from your hand to it.
P|Prevent all damage done to your Metal Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that have any Special Energy attached to them.
A|For each of your opponent's Pokémon in play, attach a Metal Energy card from your discard pile to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put a Pokémon Tool card attached to 1 of your Pokémon into your hand.
A|Move any number of damage counters on your opponent's Pokémon to their other Pokémon in any way you like.
A|For each of your Benched Exeggcute, search your deck for an Alolan Exeggutor or Alolan Exeggutor-GX and put it onto that Exeggcute to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|If this Pokémon has any Fighting Energy attached to it, it has no Retreat Cost.
A|Move any number of Energy from your Benched Pokémon to this Pokémon.
A|This attack does 10 damage for each different type of Pokémon on your Bench.
A|During your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon's attacks do 40 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|If your opponent has a Stadium card in play, discard it. If you do, prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon during your opponent's next turn.
A|Discard random cards from your opponent's hand until they have 3 cards in their hand.
A|Put 3 cards from your discard pile on the bottom of your deck in any order.
T|You can play this card only if your Active Pokémon is a Water or Metal Pokémon. Your opponent chooses 2 Benched Pokémon and shuffles the others, and all cards attached to them, into their deck. ◇ (Prism Star) Rule: You can't have more than 1 ◇ card with the same name in your deck. If a ◇ card would go to the discard pile, put it in the Lost Zone instead.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Silvally-GX this card is attached to is a Lightning Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Retreat Cost of the Pokémon this card is attached to is Colorless less, and it can retreat even if it's Asleep or Paralyzed. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Silvally-GX this card is attached to is a Fire Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for up to 2 cards named Looker, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Draw 2 cards. If you do, discard a random card from your opponent's hand.
T|You may play 4 Missing Clover cards at once. • If you played 1 card, look at the top card of your deck. • If you played 4 cards, take a Prize card. (This effect works one time for 4 cards.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may put 2 Metal Energy cards from their discard pile into their hand. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for an Item card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Shuffle 2 Supporter cards from your discard pile into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for an Item card and a Lightning Energy card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|If you go first, you can use this attack on your first turn.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that have any Special Energy attached to them.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may attach a Grass Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|You can use this Ability only if you go second. Once during your first turn (before your attack), you may search your deck for a Spewpa and a Vivillon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for Vivillon and put it onto this Scatterbug to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Attach a Grass Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each of your Pokémon in play that has Alolan in its name.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Burned.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon's Sharpshooting attack does 120 damage instead of 40.
A|Your opponent can't play any Stadium cards from their hand during their next turn.
P|If you have Azelf in play, your opponent's Pokémon in play have no Resistance.
A|You can use this attack only if you go second, and only on your first turn. Shuffle 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and all cards attached to it into their deck.
A|Move an Energy from 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to another of their Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, if the Defending Pokémon is damaged by an attack, it will be Knocked Out.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if this Pokémon is Knocked Out, your opponent can't take any Prize cards for it.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each of your Ultra Beasts in play.
P|Damage from this Pokémon's attacks isn't affected by Weakness or Resistance.
A|If you have exactly 2, 4, or 6 Prize cards remaining, discard the top 10 cards of your deck.
A|Shuffle 3 in any combination of Pokémon and basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, put an Item card from your discard pile on top of your deck.
A|This attack does 10 damage for each damage counter on this Pokémon.
P|Whenever you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon, heal 20 damage from it.
A|You can use this attack only if you have Grass, Water, and Lightning Pokémon on your Bench. Search your deck for up to 3 basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|You may do 40 more damage. If you do, discard the top 2 cards of your deck.
T|You can play this card only if your opponent has exactly 3 or 4 Prize cards remaining. Search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Ultra Beasts. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|You can play this card only if there is any Stadium card in play. Discard that Stadium card. During this turn, your Zygarde-GX can use its GX attack even if you have used your GX attack.
T|Discard 2 Water Energy cards from your hand. If you do, search your deck for up to 2 cards and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|You can play this card only if 1 of your Fairy Pokémon was Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn. Put 2 cards from your discard pile into your hand.
T|Move a Special Energy from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon to another of their Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Choose 1: • Search your deck for an Unidentified Fossil card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. • Put an Unidentified Fossil card from your discard pile into your hand. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for up to 4 basic Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|For each of your Fire Pokémon in play, put a card from your opponent's discard pile in the Lost Zone. ◇ (Prism Star) Rule: You can't have more than 1 ◇ card with the same name in your deck. If a ◇ card would go to the discard pile, put it in the Lost Zone instead.
T|This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Discard a card from your hand. If you do, search your deck for a Psychic or Dragon Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Discard up to 2 Ultra Beast cards from your hand. Draw 3 cards for each card you discarded in this way.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may search their deck for an Ultra Beast card, reveal it, put it into their hand, and shuffle their deck. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
A|Attach up to 2 Grass Energy cards from your hand to this Pokémon.
P|Prevent all damage done to your Pokémon that have any Grass Energy attached to them by attacks from your opponent's Ultra Beasts.
A|Discard all Special Energy from each of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Discard the top 4 cards of your deck. If any of those cards are Fire Energy cards, attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may switch it with your Active Pokémon. If you do, move any number of Water Energy from your other Pokémon to this Pokémon.
A|This attack does 40 less damage for each damage counter on this Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage to 2 of your opponent's Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|If this Pokémon has any Energy attached to it, it has no Retreat Cost.
P|When 1 of your Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may move a basic Energy card from that Pokémon to this Pokémon.
A|You may attach up to 2 basic Energy cards from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|If you go second, and if this Pokémon is in your hand when you are setting up to play, you may put it face down as your Active Pokémon or on your Bench.
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw a card for each Benched Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's).
A|This attack does 30 damage to each Pokémon-GX and Pokémon-EX (both yours and your opponent's). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|For each card in your opponent's hand, put 1 damage counter on their Active Pokémon.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by your opponent's attacks if that damage is exactly 20, 40, 60, 80, 100, 120, 140, 160, 180, 200, 220, 240, or 260.
P|If you have Solrock in play, Fire Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) have no Abilities, except Pokémon-GX and Pokémon-EX.
P|The maximum HP of each of your Lunatone in play is 130.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put a Basic Pokémon from your opponent's discard pile onto their Bench.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may move 1 damage counter from 1 Pokémon to another Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, if this Pokémon would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack during your opponent's next turn, it is not Knocked Out, and its remaining HP becomes 10.
A|This attack does 20 damage to each non-Fighting Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|This attack does 40 damage for each Steven's Resolve card in your discard pile.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your hand and your Bench isn't full, you may move your Active Pokémon to your Bench and play this Pokémon as your new Active Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for Alolan Raticate or Alolan Raticate-GX, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Discard up to 2 cards from your hand. This attack does 40 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Search your deck for an Item card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. If that card is a Pokémon Tool card, instead of putting it into your hand, you may attach it to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it.
P|If you took this Pokémon as a face-down Prize card during your turn and your Bench isn't full, before you put it into your hand, you may put it onto your Bench and take 1 more Prize card.
A|Look at the top 4 cards of your deck and attach any number of Metal Energy cards you find there to 1 of your Pokémon. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|If the total of both players' remaining Prize cards is exactly 6, this attack can be used for Metal.
A|Attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to each of your Basic Benched Dragon Pokémon.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each of your Evolution Dragon Pokémon in play.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may discard the top 3 cards of your deck. If you do, attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
A|You can use this attack only if you go second, and only on your first turn. Your opponent can't play any Trainer cards from their hand during their next turn.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put 2 Supporter cards from your discard pile into your hand.
T|Look at the top 2 cards of your deck and put 1 of them into your hand. Discard the other card. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for up to 2 Item cards that have the word "Ball" in their name, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Look at your face-down Prize cards. You may reveal an Ultra Beast card you find there, put it into your hand, and put this Beast Ball in its place. (If you don't reveal an Ultra Beast card, put this card in the discard pile.) Then, shuffle your face-down Prize cards. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Look at the top 5 cards of either player's deck and choose 1 of them. That player shuffles the other cards back into their deck. Then, put the card you chose on top of that deck.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 ◇ (Prism Star) cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, put an Evolution Pokémon from your discard pile into your hand. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a basic Energy card from your hand to one of your Stage 2 Grass, Fire, or Water Pokémon.
T|Look at the top 3 cards of your deck. You may reveal a Pokémon or Energy card you find there and put it into your hand. Put the other cards back in any order. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Choose an Energy card attached to 1 of your Pokémon. Search your deck for a basic Energy card and switch it with that card. Shuffle the first Energy card into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Between turns, put 1 damage counter on each Pokémon-GX and Pokémon-EX (both yours and your opponent's). This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Prevent all effects of the opponent's attacks, including damage, done to Benched Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's). This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 cards and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. Your turn ends.
T|Choose 1: • Shuffle your hand into your deck then draw 5 cards. • Switch your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
T|Draw 3 cards. Then, discard a card from your hand. If you have no cards in your deck, you can't play this card.
T|Look at the bottom 4 cards of your deck and put 2 of them into your hand. Put the other cards back on the bottom of your deck in any order.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may discard the top 5 cards of your deck. If any of those cards are Fire Energy cards, attach them to this Pokémon.
P|Whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon, remove all Special Conditions from it.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each basic Energy card in your discard pile. Then, shuffle those cards into your deck.
A|Attach up to 3 Fire Energy cards from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Water Energy card from your hand.
P|Your Water Pokémon can't be Confused. If those Pokémon are already Confused, remove that Special Condition.
P|Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, except damage, done to your Dragon Pokémon. (Existing effects are not removed.)
P|Your Pokémon in play have no Retreat Cost, except Pokémon-GX and Pokémon-EX.
A|Discard any amount of Fire Energy from your Pokémon. This attack does 50 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Dragon Pokémon.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Dragon Pokémon this card is attached to is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if that Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 3 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|You can play this card only if you discard 2 other cards from your hand. Search your deck for up to 4 Fire Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|You can play this card only if 1 of your Pokémon was Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn. Search your deck for up to 2 Dragon Pokémon and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck. ◇ (Prism Star) Rule: You can't have more than 1 ◇ card with the same name in your deck. If a ◇ card would go to the discard pile, put it in the Lost Zone instead.
T|Switch your Active Water Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If you do, heal 30 damage from the Pokémon you moved to your Bench. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Whenever a player flips a coin for the Special Condition Burned between turns, that Special Condition isn't removed even if the result is heads. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|You can play this card only if 1 of your Pokémon was Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn. Attach up to 2 basic Energy cards from your hand to 1 of your Dragon Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this Ability. Choose 1 of your Basic Pokémon in play. If you have a Stage 2 card in your hand that evolves from that Pokémon, put that card onto the Basic Pokémon to evolve it. You can use this Ability during your first turn or on a Pokémon that was put into play this turn.
A|Whenever your opponent plays an Item or Supporter card from their hand during their next turn, prevent all effects of that card done to the Defending Pokémon.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each of your Pokémon, except ◇ (Prism Star) Pokémon, in the Lost Zone.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 3 basic Energy cards and discard them. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that have 2 or fewer Energy attached to them.
A|If your opponent's Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from this attack, prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon during your opponent's next turn.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Paralyzed and Poisoned. If you do, put 3 damage counters instead of 1 on that Pokémon between turns.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put a Shedinja from your discard pile onto your Bench.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
A|You may attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Put 2 Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon in the Lost Zone.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this Ability. All Energy attached to your Pokémon are Fire Energy instead of their usual type until the end of your turn. (This includes cards that come into play on this turn.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard the top card of your deck. If it's a basic Energy card, attach it to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Draw a card for each of your Houndour in play.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each of your Basic Pokémon in play.
A|Put any amount of Fire Energy attached to your Pokémon in the Lost Zone. This attack does 50 damage for each card put in the Lost Zone in this way.
P|If you have any Fairy Pokémon in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may have your opponent switch their Active Pokémon with 1 of their Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may shuffle it and all cards attached to it into your deck.
A|If your opponent has a Stadium card in play, discard it.
P|Whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon, except with an attack, Ability, or Trainer card, attach up to 2 Energy cards to that Pokémon instead of 1.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is Poisoned, this attack does 50 damage for each damage counter on that Pokémon.
A|Shuffle 4 Item cards from your discard pile into your deck.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Asleep.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put 2 Lightning Energy cards from your hand in the Lost Zone. If you do, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
A|This attack does 10 damage for each of your Pokémon in play that has the Nuzzle attack to 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Each of your Pokémon that has any Lightning Energy attached to it has no Retreat Cost.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, and if there are 66 or more damage counters on your Benched Pokémon, you may use this Ability. If you do, you win this game.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, and if you have 35 or more cards in your hand, you may use this Ability. If you do, you win this game.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, and if your opponent has 12 or more Supporter cards in the Lost Zone, you may use this Ability. If you do, you win this game.
A|Put 2 cards from your opponent's discard pile in the Lost Zone.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard all cards attached to this Pokémon and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon as a Pokémon Tool card. When the Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out, your opponent takes 1 fewer Prize card.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your discard pile, you may put it onto your Bench. If you do, put 1 damage counter on 2 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each damage counter on all of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Look at your face-down Prize cards.
P|If this Pokémon has full HP and would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, this Pokémon is not Knocked Out, and its remaining HP becomes 10.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by your opponent's attacks until the end of your opponent's next turn.
A|Search your deck for a Supporter card and a Stadium card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This attack does 30 less damage times the amount of Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|If your opponent's Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from this Pokémon's attacks, put that Pokémon and all cards attached to it in the Lost Zone instead of the discard pile.
A|Put this Pokémon and all cards attached to it in the Lost Zone.
P|This Pokémon may have up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards attached to it. If it loses this Ability, discard Pokémon Tool cards from it until only 1 remains.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 2 Item cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Look at the top 8 cards of your deck and attach any number of Energy cards you find there to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|Discard up to 2 Trainer cards from your hand. This attack does 20 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by any Pokémon that has an Ability.
P|Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from your Bench to become your Active Pokémon, you may move any number of Energy from your other Pokémon to it.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is Asleep, your opponent shuffles all Energy from it into their deck.
P|Whenever you attach a Pokémon Tool card that has "Fairy Charm" in its name from your hand to this Pokémon during your turn, you may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Confused.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may remove a Special Condition from your Active Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put any Stage 1 card from your hand onto this Pokémon to evolve it. You can't use this Ability during your first turn or the turn this Pokémon was put into play.
A|Reveal any number of Moomoo Milk cards in your hand. This attack does 60 damage for each card you revealed in this way.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is in your hand, you may reveal it. If you do, look at the top card of your opponent's deck and put this Pokémon in the Lost Zone. If that card is a Supporter card, you may put it in the Lost Zone. If your opponent has no cards in their deck, you can't use this Ability.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Put 3 Pokémon that have "Alolan" in their names from your discard pile into your hand.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent, the attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to cost Colorless less. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|During this turn, your Lightning Pokémon's attacks do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Choose a Pokémon Tool or Special Energy card attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon, or any Stadium card in play, and put it in the Lost Zone.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may discard a Fire Energy card from their hand. If they do, they draw 3 cards. Whenever any player plays an Item or Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to this Stadium card. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. ◇ (Prism Star) Rule: You can't have more than 1 ◇ card with the same name in your deck. If a ◇ card would go to the discard pile, put it in the Lost Zone instead.
T|Draw 2 cards. Then, flip a coin. If heads, if you played this Kahili from your hand, put this card into your hand instead of the discard pile. If you have no cards in your deck, you can't play this card.
T|Put 2 cards from your hand in the Lost Zone. If you do, draw a card. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|You can play this card only if your opponent has exactly 3 Prize cards remaining. Prevent all damage done to your Ultra Beasts by attacks during your opponent's next turn. ◇ (Prism Star) Rule: You can't have more than 1 ◇ card with the same name in your deck. If a ◇ card would go to the discard pile, put it in the Lost Zone instead.
T|Search your deck for a Fairy Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Choose 1 of your Pokémon, and then flip 2 coins. For each heads, heal 30 damage from that Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|You can play this card only if 1 of your Psychic Pokémon was Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn. Your opponent reveals their hand. Choose 2 cards you find there. Your opponent shuffles those cards into their deck.
T|Search your deck for a Basic Grass Pokémon or a Grass Energy card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Pokémon with 60 HP or less, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. When the Psychic Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, put 4 damage counters on your opponent's Pokémon in any way you like. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|The attacks of Lightning Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) cost Lightning less. Whenever any player plays an Item or Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to this Stadium card. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. ◇ (Prism Star) Rule: You can't have more than 1 ◇ card with the same name in your deck. If a ◇ card would go to the discard pile, put it in the Lost Zone instead.
T|You can use this card only if you go second, and only on your first turn. Discard an Energy from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Draw a card. Then, draw 2 cards for each other Whitney in your discard pile.
A|You can use this attack only if this Pokémon has any damage counters on it. Both Active Pokémon are Knocked Out.
P|Put 2 damage counters on your opponent's Confused Pokémon between turns.
A|Flip 2 coins. If both of them are heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is Knocked Out.
A|Discard all Fire Energy from this Pokémon. Then, discard a card from the top of your opponent's deck for each Energy you discarded in this way.
P|If you have a Stadium card in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't play any Trainer cards from their hand during their next turn.
A|If any of your opponent's Pokémon have any Water Energy attached to them, you may do 90 damage to 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon instead of their Active Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, put a card that evolves from this Pokémon from your discard pile onto this Pokémon to evolve it.
A|Move 2 Water Energy from this Pokémon to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Move any number of Lightning Energy from your Benched Pokémon to this Pokémon. This attack does 20 damage for each Energy card you moved in this way.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may move any number of Lightning Energy from your Pokémon to your other Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Discard all Lightning Energy from this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may choose 2 of your Benched Pokémon and attach a Lightning Energy card from your discard pile to each of them. If you do, discard all cards from this Pokémon and put it in the Lost Zone.
A|Shuffle 5 Psychic Pokémon from your discard pile into your deck.
P|The Special Condition Poisoned is not removed when your opponent's Pokémon evolve or devolve.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 in any combination of Water and Psychic Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Your opponent's Pokémon that have any damage counters on them, and any cards attached to those Pokémon, can't be put into your opponent's hand.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by your opponent's attacks if that damage is exactly 10, 30, 50, 70, 90, 110, 130, 150, 170, 190, 210, 230, or 250.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may discard an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may look at the top 6 cards of your opponent's deck and discard any number of Item cards you find there. Your opponent shuffles the other cards back into their deck.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Darkness Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Basic Pokémon, its Retreat Cost is Colorless more.
A|Search your deck for up to 4 Pokémon and discard them. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Pokémon in your discard pile. You can't do more than 200 damage in this way.
A|Your opponent discards 2 cards from their hand.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may look at the top 5 cards of your deck, reveal a Trainer card you find there, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle the other cards back into your deck, and this Pokémon is now Asleep.
P|Each of your Pokémon that has any Metal Energy attached to it can't be affected by any Special Conditions. Remove any Special Conditions affecting those Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Pokémon Tool card attached to all Pokémon.
P|Each of your Metal Pokémon's Resistance is now -40.
A|Discard any number of Exeggcute from your hand. This attack does 60 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Your opponent puts their Active Pokémon and all cards attached to it into their hand.
A|If your opponent has 4 or more cards in their hand, they reveal their hand. Discard cards you find there until your opponent has exactly 4 cards in their hand.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Evolution Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Look at the top 6 cards of your deck, reveal any number of Pokémon you find there, and put them into your hand. Discard the other cards.
T|When a Darkness Pokémon (yours or your opponent's) that has any Darkness Energy attached to it is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, that player takes 1 fewer Prize card. Whenever any player plays an Item or Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to this Stadium card. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. ◇ (Prism Star) Rule: You can't have more than 1 ◇ card with the same name in your deck. If a ◇ card would go to the discard pile, put it in the Lost Zone instead.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to has a Retreat Cost of exactly 4, it gets +50 HP. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|You can play this card only if your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Stage 2 Pokémon. Search your deck for up to 2 cards and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|You can play this card only if you discard a Darkness Pokémon from your hand. Discard a Pokémon Tool or Special Energy card from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon, or discard any Stadium card in play. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Flip 2 coins. For each heads, shuffle an Electropower card from your discard pile into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|You can play this card only if your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Stage 1 Pokémon. Draw 4 cards.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Silvally-GX this card is attached to is a Grass Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for a Metal Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you go second and it's your first turn, search for 5 Metal Pokémon instead of 1. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Choose 1: • Draw a card • Put a Judge card from your discard pile into your hand. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may have their opponent reveal their hand. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|You can play this card only if you discard Dana, Evelyn, and Nita from your hand. Look at the top 12 cards of your deck and attach any number of Energy cards you find there to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|Choose a Basic Darkness Pokémon in your discard pile. Switch it with 1 of your Pokémon in play. Any attached cards, damage counters, Special Conditions, turns in play, and any other effects remain on the new Pokémon.
T|You can play this card only if your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Basic Pokémon. Put an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon on top of their deck.
T|Put a card from your opponent's discard pile on the bottom of their deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Silvally-GX this card is attached to is a Water Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|The attacks of non-Fairy Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) cost Colorless more. Whenever any player plays an Item or Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to this Stadium card. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card. ◇ (Prism Star) Rule: You can't have more than 1 ◇ card with the same name in your deck. If a ◇ card would go to the discard pile, put it in the Lost Zone instead.
P|The attacks of your Grass Pokémon and Fire Pokémon do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, move up to 2 basic Energy cards from this Pokémon to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
T|Once during each player's turn, if that player has 6 Pokémon in play, they may heal 10 damage from each of their Pokémon. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
P|Your Latios in play have no Retreat Cost.
A|Discard a Darkness Energy from this Pokémon.
A|Put a Basic Pokémon from each player's discard pile onto its owner's Bench.
A|Flip a coin. If tails, discard a Fire Energy and a Psychic Energy from this Pokémon.
P|This Pokémon can't be Paralyzed.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may move an Energy from 1 of your Pokémon to 1 of your Deoxys.
A|You may attach up to 3 Fire Energy cards from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if you have a Pokémon in your hand that evolves from Eevee, you may put that card onto this Pokémon to evolve it. Before evolving, heal all damage from this Pokémon. You can't use this Ability during your first turn or on the turn this Pokémon was put into play.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Fire Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Look at the top 4 cards of your deck and put 1 of them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|Discard the top 8 cards of your deck. If any of those cards are Fire Energy cards, attach them to this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is the last card in your hand, you may play it onto your Bench. If you do, draw 3 cards.
A|Choose 2 random cards from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals those cards and shuffles them into their deck.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Pokémon-GX with different names, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon has exactly 9 damage counters on it, that Pokémon is Knocked Out.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. When you play this card, you may discard 5 other cards from your hand. If you do, you may also search for up to 3 Pokémon of different types in this way.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Lightning Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pokemon. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|You may put an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon into their hand.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to the Active Spot.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may heal all damage from 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Energy cards from your discard pile to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|As often as you like during your turn, you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your other Pokémon to this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, you may attach a Basic Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|This attack does 20 less damage for each damage counter on this Pokémon.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each Tatsugiri in your discard pile.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Water Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Basic Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each Energy attached to all of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Your opponent chooses 1 of their Benched Pokémon and switches it with their Active Pokémon. The new Active Pokémon is now Asleep.
P|As often as you like during your turn, you may attach a Basic Psychic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Psychic Pokémon. If you attached Energy to a Pokémon in this way, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon. You can't use this Ability on a Pokémon that would be Knocked Out.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, during your opponent's next turn, they can't play any Item cards from their hand.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each damage counter on this Pokémon.
P|This Pokémon can't be Burned. Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Fire Pokémon.
A|This attack does 10 damage for each Psychic Pokémon in your discard pile.
A|This attack does 70 damage for each Prize card your opponent has taken.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may choose 2 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and put 1 damage counter on each of them.
P|Your opponent's Poisoned Pokémon don't recover from that Special Condition when they evolve or devolve.
A|Move all Energy from this Pokémon to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Your Active Pokémon recovers from all Special Conditions.
A|Switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to the Active Spot. This attack does 30 damage to the new Active Pokémon.
A|This attack does 70 damage for each of your Maushold in play.
T|Search your deck for an Item card and a Pokémon Tool card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|The Retreat Cost of each Basic Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) is Colorless less.
T|If you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent, the attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck and attach up to 2 Basic Lightning Energy cards you find there to your Benched Lightning Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|When your Active Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, you may move a Basic Energy from that Pokémon to the Pokémon this card is attached to. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 8 cards. Your turn ends.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may flip a coin. If heads, that player searches their deck for a Pokémon, reveals it, and puts it into their hand. Then, that player shuffles their deck.
T|Shuffle up to 5 Pokémon from your discard pile into your deck. If you shuffled any cards into your deck in this way, draw 3 cards.
T|Search your deck for a Basic Pokémon and put it onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Shuffle up to 2 Supporter cards from your discard pile into your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Put 1 of your Basic Pokémon and all attached cards into your hand.
T|Heal 30 damage from each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's). You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Put an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon on top of their deck.
T|The attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to do 10 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
A|Move 3 Energy from this Pokémon to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from your Bench to the Active Spot, you may search your deck for up to 3 Basic Grass Energy cards and attach them to this Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Attacks used by your Cynthia's Pokémon do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Prevent all damage done to your Benched Pokémon that don't have a Rule Box by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon. (Pokémon ex, Pokémon V, etc. have Rule Boxes.)
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon ex.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon 6 times. (You can choose the same Pokémon more than once.) For each time you chose a Pokémon, do 20 damage to it. This damage isn't affected by Weakness or Resistance.
A|Draw 3 cards from the bottom of your deck.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Ogre's Hammer.
A|Discard a Team Rocket's Energy from this Pokémon. If you do, discard your opponent's Active Pokémon and all attached cards.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may discard the bottom card of your deck. If you do, discard all cards from this Pokémon and put this Pokémon on top of your deck.
A|Discard the top 7 cards of your deck, and this attack does 70 damage for each Misty's Pokémon that you discarded in this way.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Misty's Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|When 1 of your Water Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, you may put all Basic Water Energy attached to that Pokémon into your hand instead of the discard pile.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Water Energy attached to this Pokémon. Before doing damage, you may attach any number of Basic Water Energy cards from your hand to this Pokémon.
P|Whenever your opponent plays a Pokémon from their hand to evolve 1 of their Pokémon, put 4 damage counters on that Pokémon. The effect of Darkest Impulse doesn't stack.
A|This attack also does 40 damage to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Move all damage counters from 1 of your Benched Team Rocket's Pokémon to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|As often as you like during your turn, you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Team Rocket's Pokémon to another of your Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon has 2 or more damage counters on it, attacks used by this Pokémon do 120 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|During Pokémon Checkup, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, put 2 damage counters on each of your opponent's Basic Pokémon.
A|This attack also does 40 damage to each Benched Pokémon that has any damage counters on it (both yours and your opponent's). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Choose up to 2 of your Darkness Pokémon. For each of those Pokémon, search your deck for a card that evolves from that Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|You may put this Pokémon into your hand. (Discard all cards attached to this Pokémon.)
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may choose 2 of your opponent's Pokémon and put 2 damage counters on each of them.
A|This attack does 100 damage for each Special Condition affecting your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|This attack does 40 damage for each Pokémon in play that has "Koffing" or "Weezing" in its name (both yours and your opponent's).
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Boss Headbutt.
A|You may move any amount of Metal Energy from your Pokémon to your other Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Flip 2 coins. If both of them are tails, this Pokémon also does 90 damage to itself.
A|Discard a card from your hand. If you do, your opponent discards a card from their hand.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Supporter card that has "Team Rocket" in its name in your discard pile.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put up to 2 Arven's Sandwich cards from your discard pile into your hand.
A|You may switch out your opponent's Active Pokémon to the Bench. (Your opponent chooses the new Active Pokémon.)
T|Heal 30 damage from your Active Pokémon. If that Pokémon is an Arven's Pokémon, heal 100 damage from it instead. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|The Cynthia's Pokémon this card is attached to gets +70 HP. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|Draw 2 cards. If your opponent has 3 or fewer Prize cards remaining, draw 2 more cards.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 in any combination of Ethan's Pokémon and Basic Fire Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may search their deck for a Marnie's Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into their hand. Then, that player shuffles their deck.
T|Turn 1 of your opponent's face-down Prize cards face up and choose a random card from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals that card. You may have your opponent switch those cards. (That Prize card remains face up for the rest of the game.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If tails, put 2 damage counters on your Active Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Pokémon Tool cards that have "Technical Machine" in their name, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may put up to 2 Basic Lightning Energy cards from their discard pile into their hand.
P|Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) can't be healed.
P|You must discard a Basic Grass Energy card from your hand in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
A|Shuffle each player's Active Pokémon and all attached cards into their deck. (You choose a new Active Pokémon first.)
A|During your opponent's next turn, attacks that the Defending Pokémon uses cost ColorlessColorless more.
A|Put 2 Energy attached to this Pokémon into your hand.
A|If you have no cards in your hand, this attack can be used for Water.
A|You may discard any amount of Water Energy from your Pokémon. This attack does 60 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Lightning Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in your hand and you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent, you may put this Pokémon onto your Bench.
A|You can use this attack only if this Pokémon used Stun Needle during your last turn.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Pokémon in your discard pile that has the United Wings attack.
P|Once during your turn, you may attach a Therapeutic Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may move an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon to 1 of their Benched Pokémon.
P|Basic Pokémon V in play (both yours and your opponent's) have no Abilities.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon ex and Pokémon V.
P|During Pokémon Checkup, heal 20 damage from each of your Pokémon.
P|When this Pokémon is Knocked Out, flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't take any Prize cards for it.
P|Once during your turn, if a Stadium is in play, you may make your opponent's Active Pokémon Poisoned.
P|Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from your Bench to the Active Spot, you may switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Basic Pokémon to the Active Spot.
A|You may discard as many Basic Energy cards as you like from your hand. This attack does 40 damage for each type of Basic Energy you discarded in this way.
P|If this Pokémon has 3 or more Metal Energy attached, it gets +100 HP.
A|During your opponent's next turn, they can't play any Special Energy or Stadium cards from their hand.
A|Choose a player. That player shuffles their hand into their deck and draws 4 cards.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may choose 1: put a Supporter card from your discard pile into your hand; or search your deck for a Supporter card, reveal it, put it into your hand, and then shuffle your deck.
P|If this Pokémon is Asleep, flip 2 coins instead of 1 during Pokémon Checkup. If either of them is tails, this Pokémon is still Asleep.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your first turn, you may discard your hand and draw 6 cards. You can't use more than 1 Squawk and Seize Ability during your turn.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 3 Flamigo, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may search their deck for a Basic Pokémon that doesn't have a Rule Box and put it onto their Bench. Then, that player shuffles their deck. (Pokémon ex, Pokémon V, etc. have Rule Boxes.)
T|The Basic Pokémon this card is attached to gets +50 HP. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Whenever any player attaches an Energy card from their hand to 1 of their Basic non-Water Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
T|The Retreat Cost of each Basic non-Fighting Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) is Colorless more.
T|The attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon V (before applying Weakness and Resistance). Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Pokémon with 120 HP or less, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Flip 2 coins. If both of them are heads, search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Discard a Special Energy from each of your opponent's Pokémon.
T|The attacks of Stage 1 Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) do 10 more damage to the opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|Choose up to 2 of your Pokémon and heal 50 damage from each of them.
T|You can use this card only if you discard 2 other cards from your hand.Put up to 4 Basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand. (You can't choose a card you discarded with the effect of this card.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each card in your hand.
A|Put up to 12 damage counters on this Pokémon. This attack does 20 damage for each damage counter you placed in this way.
P|During Pokémon Checkup, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, put 1 damage counter on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, Pokémon can't be played from your opponent's hand to evolve the Defending Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, put your opponent's Active Pokémon and all attached cards into your opponent's hand.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Lightning Pokémon.
A|Attach a Basic Lightning Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|You may move any amount of Psychic Energy from your Pokémon to your other Pokémon in any way you like.
P|All of your Pokémon that have Psychic Energy attached have no Retreat Cost.
P|Once at the end of your turn (after your attack), you may use this Ability. Draw cards until you have 8 cards in your hand.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Psychic Energy attached to this Pokémon.
P|If you have Solrock in play, prevent all effects of any Stadium done to your Pokémon in play.
A|Put damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon until its remaining HP is 10. If you placed any damage counters in this way, this attack also does 120 damage to this Pokémon.
A|Put 3 damage counters on each of your opponent's Benched Pokémon that has any damage counters on it.
A|This attack also does 20 damage to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|As long as this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, your opponent can't have more than 3 Benched Pokémon. If they have 4 or more Benched Pokémon, they discard Benched Pokémon until they have 3 Pokémon on the Bench. If more than one effect changes the number of Benched Pokémon allowed, use the smaller number.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 3 Basic Fire Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Look at the top 3 cards of either player's deck and put them back in any order.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Slashing Steel.
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all effects of attacks used by your opponent's Pokémon done to this Pokémon. (Damage is not an effect.)
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon has 4 or more damage counters on it, that Pokémon is Knocked Out.
P|This Pokémon may have up to 4 Pokémon Tools attached to it. If it loses this Ability, discard Pokémon Tools from it until only 1 remains.
A|You may discard a Stadium in play.
A|Look at the top 3 cards of your deck. You may put those cards into your hand. If you don't, discard those cards and draw 3 cards.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Slip 'n' Roll.
T|Count the cards in your hand, shuffle those cards into your deck, then draw that many cards plus 1.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck. During this turn, your Pokémon can't attack. (This includes Pokémon that come into play this turn.)
T|You can use this card only if any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn. Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Your opponent reveals their hand, and you choose a card you find there and put it on the bottom of their deck. If you put a card on the bottom of your opponent's deck in this way, your opponent may draw a card.
T|As long as the Pokémon this card is attached to is in the Active Spot, cards in your deck can't be discarded by effects of your opponent's attacks, Abilities, Item cards, Pokémon Tool cards, or Supporter cards. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|Attacks used by each Basic Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) cost Colorless more.
T|Move up to 2 Energy from 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon.
T|Draw 3 cards. Switch out your opponent's Active Pokémon to the Bench. (Your opponent chooses the new Active Pokémon.)
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may search their deck for a Pokémon Tool card, reveal it, and put it into their hand. Then, that player shuffles their deck.
T|If the Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, put 4 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
A|Discard up to 2 Basic Water Energy cards from your hand. This attack does 140 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
P|When 1 of your Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, you may move a Lightning Energy from that Pokémon to this Pokémon.
P|Trainer cards in your opponent's discard pile can't be put into their deck by an effect of your opponent's Item or Supporter cards.
P|If you have Nidoqueen in play, ignore all Energy in the costs of attacks used by this Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon has any Special Energy attached, it gets +100 HP.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may have your opponent reveal their hand.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may look at the top 3 cards of your deck and attach any number of Basic Energy cards you find there to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may look at the top 8 cards of your deck and attach any number of Basic Energy cards you find there to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|During your opponent's next turn, whenever they flip a coin, treat it as tails.
A|Discard a Water Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Fire Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
A|This attack can be used even if this Pokémon is on the Bench.
A|During your opponent's next turn, attacks used by the Defending Pokémon cost Colorless more, and its Retreat Cost is Colorless more.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put a Supporter card from your opponent's discard pile into their hand.
A|Discard the top 5 cards of your deck. This attack does 80 damage for each Pokémon with a Retreat Cost of exactly 4 that you discarded in this way.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may make your opponent's Active Pokémon Asleep.
P|If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, flip a coin. If heads, the Attacking Pokémon is Knocked Out.
P|If you took this Pokémon as a face-down Prize card during your turn and your Bench isn't full, before you put it into your hand, you may put it onto your Bench. If you put this Pokémon onto your Bench in this way, flip a coin. If heads, take 1 more Prize card.
P|Once during your turn, you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If you placed any damage counters in this way, discard this Pokémon and all attached cards.
P|If this Pokémon and your opponent's Active Pokémon have the same amount of Energy attached, prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Attach a Basic Grass Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is Asleep, it is Knocked Out.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you must discard the top 5 cards of your deck.
P|Once during your first turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may search your deck and choose a Basic Pokémon you find there, except any Ditto. If you do, discard this Pokémon and all attached cards, and put the chosen Pokémon in its place. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Pokémon of different types, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Choose Grass, Fire, Water, Lightning, Psychic, Fighting, Darkness, Metal, or Dragon type. Until the Defending Pokémon leaves the Active Spot, its Weakness is now that type. (The amount of Weakness doesn't change.)
A|Put an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon into their hand.
P|Apply Weakness for your opponent's Active Pokémon as ×4 instead.
P|Once during your turn, you may put up to 2 Leftovers cards from your discard pile into your hand.
P|If this Pokémon has any Water Energy attached, it has no Retreat Cost.
P|If this Pokémon has any Lightning Energy attached, it has no Retreat Cost.
P|If this Pokémon has any Fire Energy attached, it has no Retreat Cost.
P|Your Pokémon in play have no Retreat Cost.
T|The Stage 2 Pokémon this card is attached to has no Retreat Cost. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|Look at the top 8 cards of your deck. You may reveal any number of Pokémon you find there and put them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may discard a Basic Energy card from their hand in order to draw a card.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, attach a Basic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Your opponent reveals their hand, and you put a Basic Pokémon you find there onto your opponent's Bench. If you put a Pokémon onto their Bench in this way, switch in that Pokémon to the Active Spot.
T|Put an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon into their hand. If you do, attach an Energy card from your hand to your Active Pokémon.
T|Your opponent reveals their hand, and you put a Pokémon you find there on the bottom of their deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|At the end of your turn, if the Pokémon this card is attached to is in the Active Spot, heal 20 damage from it. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, shuffle an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon into their deck.
P|If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is Knocked Out, flip a coin. If heads, your opponent takes 1 fewer Prize card.
P|If you have Simisage, Simisear, and Simipour in play, ignore all Colorless Energy in the costs of attacks used by this Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Energy card in your opponent's discard pile.
A|Attach a Basic Grass Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Cards in your opponent's discard pile can't be put into their hand by an effect of your opponent's Abilities or Trainer cards.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Grass Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, attacks used by the Defending Pokémon cost ColorlessColorless more.
A|Choose up to 2 of your Benched Pokémon and attach a Basic Fire Energy card from your discard pile to each of them.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Heat Ray.
P|Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from your Bench to the Active Spot, you may move any amount of Fire Energy from your other Pokémon to it.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Fire Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may use this Ability. Each player puts a Basic Pokémon from their discard pile onto their Bench. (Your opponent puts a Basic Pokémon onto their Bench first.)
P|Your opponent's Pokémon that have 40 HP or less remaining can't attack.
A|Put damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon until its remaining HP is 30.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 3 Pokémon Tool cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, move up to 2 Water Energy cards from this Pokémon to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck. You may attach any number of Basic Energy cards you find there to this Pokémon. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is an Evolution Pokémon, it can't attack during your opponent's next turn.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Water Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Psychic Energy cards from your discard pile to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|If you have Plusle in play, whenever your opponent attaches an Energy card from their hand to 1 of their Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon. The effect of Buddy Pulse doesn't stack.
A|Choose Basic Lightning Energy cards from your discard pile up to the number of Prize cards your opponent has taken and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, discard 2 random cards from your opponent's hand.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may prevent all damage from and effects of attacks from your opponent's Pokémon done to this Pokémon until the end of your opponent's next turn.
A|Look at the top card of your deck. You may put that card into your hand. If you don't, discard that card and draw a card.
P|Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from your Bench to the Active Spot, you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Attach a Basic Fighting Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Discard up to 4 Energy from your Pokémon. This attack does 60 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Bandit's Fist.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Colorless in your opponent's Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is on your Bench, when you attach an Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon, you may switch it with your Active Pokémon.
A|Discard 3 Lightning Energy from your Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if your opponent has 4 or fewer Prize cards remaining, you may attach a Basic Fighting Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Fighting Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Choose Item cards or Supporter cards. During your opponent's next turn, they can't play any of the chosen cards from their hand.
A|Discard any number of Pokémon Tool cards from your hand. This attack does 50 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may have your opponent reveal their hand, and then you choose 2 Energy cards you find there and shuffle them into your opponent's deck.
A|Move 2 Darkness Energy from this Pokémon to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon has an Ancient Booster Energy Capsule attached, you may make both Active Pokémon Poisoned.
P|Prevent all damage counters from being placed on your Benched Pokémon by effects of attacks used by your opponent's Basic Pokémon.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each damage counter on all of your Durant.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Slashing Strike.
A|Attach a Basic Metal Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, you may discard a Basic Fire Energy card from your hand in order to use this Ability. During this turn, attacks used by your Pokémon do 60 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Discard any number of Basic Energy cards from your hand. This attack does 50 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, move an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon to 1 of their Benched Pokémon.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each card in your hand.
A|You may put this Pokémon and all attached cards into your hand.
A|This attack does 50 damage to 3 of your opponent's Pokémon that have any damage counters on them. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|If this Pokémon has a Future Booster Energy Capsule attached, this attack can be used for ColorlessColorlessColorless.
T|The Ancient Pokémon this card is attached to gets +60 HP, recovers from all Special Conditions, and can't be affected by any Special Conditions. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|You can use this card only if you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent. Switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to the Active Spot. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|If the Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, discard a random card from your opponent's hand. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|You can use this card only if you discard another card from your hand. Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|The Future Pokémon this card is attached to has no Retreat Cost, and the attacks it uses do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|If the Pokémon this card is attached to doesn't have a Rule Box, it gets +100 HP, and if it is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, that player takes 1 more Prize card. (Pokémon ex, Pokémon V, etc. have Rule Boxes.) You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|Draw 2 cards. If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Pokémon ex, draw 2 more cards.
T|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 4 cards. If you go second and it's your first turn, draw 8 cards instead.
T|Choose up to 2 of your Ancient Pokémon and attach a Basic Energy card from your discard pile to each of them. If you attached any Energy in this way, draw 3 cards.
T|Put 1 of your Pokémon in play into your hand. (Discard all cards attached to that Pokémon.)
T|Look at the top 4 cards of your deck and put 2 of them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards and put them on the bottom of your deck.
T|Draw 2 cards. Put a Basic Energy card from your discard pile into your hand.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to the Active Spot. If tails, switch your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
T|The Pokémon this card is attached to can use the attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) If this card is attached to 1 of your Pokémon, discard it at the end of your turn. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|You can use this card only if you discard another card from your hand. Search your deck for up to 2 Future Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Put up to 4 in any combination of Psychic Pokémon and Basic Psychic Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand.
A|Look at the top card of your deck. You may put that card on the bottom of your deck.
A|This attack does 10 damage for each Pokémon in your discard pile that has the United Wings attack to 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to the Active Spot. The new Active Pokémon is now Asleep.
A|Your opponent chooses an attack from 1 of their Pokémon in play. Use the chosen attack as this attack.
A|At the end of your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon will be Knocked Out.
P|Once at the end of your turn (after your attack), if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you must discard the top 5 cards of your deck.
A|You may attach any number of Basic Metal Energy cards from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
T|You can use this card only if your opponent's Active Pokémon is Poisoned. Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 7 cards.
T|Your opponent reveals their hand, and you draw 2 cards for each Supporter card you find there.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may discard a Basic Psychic Energy card from their hand in order to heal 30 damage from each of their Pokémon.
T|Put up to 2 Nemona cards from your discard pile into your hand. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
A|Choose 3 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. If you do, shuffle all of your opponent's Benched Pokémon that you didn't choose, and all cards attached to those Pokémon, into their deck.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each of your Grass Pokémon in play.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may heal all damage from your Active Grass Pokémon. If you healed any damage in this way, discard all Energy from that Pokémon.
A|Discard a Grass Energy from this Pokémon.
P|This Pokémon gets +50 HP for each Prize card your opponent has taken.
P|Prevent all damage from and effects of attacks from your opponent's Pokémon done to your Benched Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may switch it with your Active Pokémon. If you do, you may move any amount of Energy from your other Pokémon to this Pokémon.
P|Whenever your opponent's Active Pokémon moves to the Bench during their turn, their new Active Pokémon is now Burned.
P|Attacks used by this Pokémon cost Colorless less for each of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
A|This Pokémon can't use Blaze Blitz again until it leaves the Active Spot.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Giant Wave.
P|Once during your turn, you may put 5 damage counters on this Pokémon. If you do, during this turn, attacks used by this Pokémon do 120 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Damage from attacks used by this Pokémon isn't affected by any effects on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|This attack does 50 damage to each Pokémon that has any damage counters on it (both yours and your opponent's), except for this Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Lightning Energy cards and attach them to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Reveal the top 5 cards of your deck. This attack does 70 damage for each Future card you find there. Then, discard those Future cards and shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|During your opponent's next turn, they can't play any Pokémon from their hand to evolve their Pokémon.
A|Look at the top 8 cards of your deck. You may put any number of Pokémon you find there onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|During your next turn, if the Defending Pokémon is Knocked Out, take 2 more Prize cards.
A|Heal 100 damage from 1 of your Benched Ancient Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Zen Blade.
P|Attacks used by your Future Pokémon, except any Iron Crown ex, do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 3 Basic Fighting Energy cards and discard them. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Fighting Energy cards from your discard pile to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Attach a Basic Fighting Energy card from your discard pile to each of your Benched Pokémon.
A|You may move any number of damage counters from your opponent's Benched Pokémon to their Active Pokémon.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Basic Pokémon ex.
A|Discard up to 2 Metal Energy from this Pokémon. This attack does 120 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each of your Ancient Pokémon in play.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Energy cards and attach them to your Future Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Cyber Drive.
A|Discard your hand and draw 6 cards.
A|You may discard any amount of Basic Energy from your Pokémon. This attack does 70 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|You may move any amount of Energy from your Pokémon to your other Pokémon in any way you like.
A|You may put 2 Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon into their hand.
A|Discard up to 2 Pokémon Tools from your opponent's Pokémon.
A|This attack does 70 damage for each Special Energy card attached to this Pokémon.
T|Draw a card for each of your Ancient Pokémon in play. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 Item cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. Your turn ends. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Your opponent reveals their hand, and you discard up to 2 Item cards you find there.
T|Each player discards cards from their hand until they have 5 cards in their hand. Your opponent discards first. (If a player has 5 or fewer cards in their hand, they do not discard.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|If the Pokémon this card is attached to has a Retreat Cost of exactly 4, is in the Active Spot, and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, move up to 3 Basic Energy cards from that Pokémon to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|The Pokémon this card is attached to gets +100 HP. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|Attacks used by the Pokémon this card is attached to do 50 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon ex (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|You can use this card only if you discard another card from your hand. Draw a card for each of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
T|During Pokémon Checkup, put 2 more damage counters on each Poisoned non-Darkness Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's).
T|Switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to the Active Spot. If you do, switch your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Attach a Basic Energy card from your discard pile to each of your Future Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|The Retreat Cost of the Pokémon this card is attached to is Colorless less. If that Pokémon's remaining HP is 30 or less, it has no Retreat Cost. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|Search your deck for a card that has no Abilities and evolves from 1 of your Pokémon, and put it onto that Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck. You can use this card on a Pokémon you put down when you were setting up to play or on a Pokémon that was put into play this turn.
P|Your opponent's Active Evolution Pokémon's Retreat Cost is Colorless more.
A|This attack does 60 damage for each Fire Energy attached to all of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|You can use this attack only if you go second, and only during your first turn. Shuffle 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and all attached cards into their deck.
A|Attach a Basic Grass Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If you do, heal all damage from that Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if your Active Pokémon has the Festival Lead Ability, you may search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each of your Benched Pokémon.
P|If Festival Grounds is in play, this Pokémon may use an attack it has twice. If the first attack Knocks Out your opponent's Active Pokémon, you may attack again after your opponent chooses a new Active Pokémon.
A|Discard up to 3 Grass Energy cards from your Pokémon. This attack does 70 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon for each Basic Grass Energy card in your discard pile. Then, shuffle those Energy cards into your deck.
P|Once during your turn, you may attach a Basic Fire Energy card, a Basic Fighting Energy card, or 1 of each from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each card in your opponent's hand.
A|You may do 120 more damage. If you do, shuffle this Pokémon and all attached cards into your deck.
P|Your opponent's Pokémon in play and all attached cards can't be put into your opponent's hand.
P|During Pokémon Checkup, put 1 damage counter on each Pokémon that has an Ability (both yours and your opponent's), except any Froslass.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from the Active Spot to the Bench, you may search your deck for a Palafin ex and switch it with this Pokémon. Any attached cards, damage counters, Special Conditions, turns in play, and any other effects remain on the new Pokémon. If you switched a Pokémon in this way, put this card into your deck. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Put this Pokémon into play only with the effect of Palafin's Zero to Hero Ability.
A|Put up to 9 damage counters on this Pokémon. This attack does 20 damage for each damage counter you placed in this way.
P|As long as this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, Pokémon with a Rule Box in play (both yours and your opponent's) have no Abilities, except for Future Pokémon. (Pokémon ex, Pokémon V, etc. have Rule Boxes.)
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may shuffle it and all attached cards into your deck.
A|This attack also does 10 damage to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|This attack does 40 damage for each of your Stage 1 Pokémon in play.
A|Shuffle 1 of your Benched Pokémon and all attached cards into your deck.
A|You can use this attack only if you go second, and only during your first turn. Your opponent can't play any Supporter cards from their hand during their next turn.
A|If this Pokémon is affected by a Special Condition, ignore all Energy in this attack's cost.
P|If this Pokémon has any Darkness Energy attached, it gets +100 HP, and the attacks it uses do 100 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Prevent all damage from attacks done to this Pokémon by your opponent's Pokémon that have an Ability.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each of your Pokémon that has any damage counters on it.
A|Discard all Metal Energy from this Pokémon. This attack does 50 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to the Active Spot. This attack does 70 damage to the new Active Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may search your deck for a Pokémon Tool card and attach it to this Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Attach a Basic Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, you may move a Basic Energy from 1 of your Pokémon to another of your Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may flip 2 coins. For each heads, choose a random card from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals those cards and shuffles them into their deck.
P|Blood Moon used by this Pokémon costs Colorless less for each Prize card your opponent has taken.
T|Reveal the top 5 cards of your opponent's deck. You may choose any number of Basic Pokémon you find there and put those Pokémon onto their Bench. Your opponent shuffles the other cards back into their deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal up to 2 in any combination of Grass Pokémon and Basic Grass Energy cards you find there and put them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Draw 2 cards. If you drew any cards in this way and if Community Center is in play, shuffle this Caretaker into your deck instead of discarding it.
T|Once during each player's turn, if they played a Supporter card from their hand this turn, they may heal 10 damage from each of their Pokémon.
T|Each Pokémon that has any Energy attached (both yours and your opponent's) recovers from all Special Conditions and can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
T|You can use this card only if any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn. Look at the top 8 cards of your deck and put up to 3 of them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Stage 1 Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Pokémon Tools attached to each Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) have no effect. You may play only 1 Stadium card during your turn. Put it into the Active Spot, and discard it if another Stadium comes into play. A Stadium with the same name can't be played.
T|Choose 1: • Switch your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon. • During this turn, attacks used by your Pokémon do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon ex and Active Pokémon V (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|Put up to 3 in any combination of Pokémon that don't have a Rule Box and Basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand. (Pokémon ex, Pokémon V, etc. have Rule Boxes.)
T|Choose a Pokémon ex in your discard pile that has "Ogerpon" in its name, and switch it with 1 of your Pokémon ex in play that has "Ogerpon" in its name. Any attached cards, damage counters, Special Conditions, turns in play, and any other effects remain on the new Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Reveal up to 2 Pokémon in your hand and put them into your deck. If you do, search your deck for up to that many Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck and discard any number of them. Put the other cards back in any order.
T|Put 1 of your Pokémon and all attached cards into your hand. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|You can use this card only if you discard 3 other cards from your hand. Search your deck for an Item card, a Pokémon Tool card, a Supporter card, and a Stadium card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|If the Pokémon this card is attached to has full HP and would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, it is not Knocked Out, and its remaining HP becomes 10. Then, discard this card. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|You can use this card only if any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn. Each player shuffles their hand into their deck. Then, you draw 5 cards, and your opponent draws 2 cards. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|The Retreat Cost of the Pokémon this card is attached to is Colorless less. If that Pokémon's remaining HP is 30 or less, it has no Retreat Cost. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
P|Attacks used by this Pokémon do 50 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon that has an Ability (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|During your opponent's next turn, attacks used by the Defending Pokémon do 100 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Discard this Pokémon and all attached cards.
P|Once during your turn, you may put 5 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If you use this Ability, this Pokémon is Knocked Out.
P|Once during your turn, you may put 13 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If you use this Ability, this Pokémon is Knocked Out.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. Shuffle that Pokémon and all attached cards into their deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may attach up to 2 Basic Fighting Energy cards from your hand to this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if you played Janine's Secret Art from your hand this turn, you may draw cards until you have 8 cards in your hand.
A|This attack does 60 damage for each of your opponent's Pokémon ex and Pokémon V in play.
A|Look at the top card of your opponent's deck. You may have your opponent shuffle their deck.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Dirty Headbutt.
P|If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, and if you have any Pecharunt ex in play, your opponent takes 1 fewer Prize card.
A|This attack does 60 damage for each Prize card your opponent has taken.
P|If this Pokémon has a Pokémon Tool attached, your opponent can't play any ACE SPEC cards from their hand.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon has any Special Energy attached, it is Knocked Out.
P|If your opponent has any cards in their discard pile that have "Colress" in the name, this Pokémon can use the Trifrost attack for Colorless.
A|Attach a Basic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may put a card from their hand on top of their deck.
T|Attacks used by the Poisoned Pokémon this card is attached to do 40 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|You can use this card only when it is the last card in your hand. Search your deck for up to 2 cards and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Search your deck for a Stadium card and an Energy card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Burned and Confused. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Choose up to 2 of your Darkness Pokémon. For each of those Pokémon, search your deck for a Basic Darkness Energy card and attach it to that Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck. If you attached Energy to your Active Pokémon in this way, it is now Poisoned.
T|Prevent all damage done to Pokémon that don't have a Rule Box (both yours and your opponent's) by attacks from the opponent's Pokémon ex and Pokémon V. (Pokémon ex, Pokémon V, etc. have Rule Boxes.) This card can't be put into your hand or deck from the discard pile.
T|At the end of your turn (after your attack), if the Pokémon this card is attached to is in the Active Spot, you may attach a Basic Energy card from your discard pile to it. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|Your opponent discards cards from their hand until they have 3 cards in their hand.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon that has 90 HP or less remaining to the Active Spot.
P|Once during your turn, you may flip a coin. If heads, choose Burned, Confused, or Poisoned. Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition.
A|Before doing damage, discard all Pokémon Tools and Special Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Look at the top 20 cards of your deck and attach any number of Energy cards you find there to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
P|Attacks used by your Pokémon do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Evolution Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Haymaker.
P|Attacks used by this Pokémon cost Colorless less for each Kofu card in your discard pile.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon if that damage is 200 or more.
A|During your next turn, your Pokémon can't attack. (This includes new Pokémon that come into play.)
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Grass Energy cards and up to 2 Basic Lightning Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each of your Drifloon and Drifblim in play. This attack also does 30 damage to each of your Drifloon and Drifblim. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Search your deck for up to 5 Pokémon that are the same type as any Basic Energy attached to this Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may heal all damage from each of your Evolution Pokémon. If you healed any damage in this way, discard all Energy from those Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, attacks used by the Defending Pokémon do 40 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Put damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon until its remaining HP is 50.
A|This attack does 40 damage for each Special Energy attached to all of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|This Pokémon can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
A|Switch out your opponent's Active Pokémon to the Bench. (Your opponent chooses the new Active Pokémon.) If you do, this attack does 160 damage to the new Active Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in your hand and your opponent has any Stage 2 Pokémon in play, you may put this Pokémon onto your Bench.
P|All of your Pokémon that have Metal Energy attached have no Retreat Cost.
P|Once during your turn, when you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, if you have any Tera Pokémon in play, you may search your deck for up to 2 Trainer cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Each player who has any Tera Pokémon in play can have up to 8 Pokémon on their Bench. If a player no longer has any Tera Pokémon in play, that player discards Pokémon from their Bench until they have 5. When this card leaves play, both players discard Pokémon from their Bench until they have 5, and the player who played this card discards first.
T|You can use this card only if your opponent has exactly 2 Prize cards remaining. During this turn, if your opponent's Active Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack used by your Tera Pokémon, take 1 more Prize card.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Energy cards of different types, reveal them, and put 1 of them into your hand. Attach the other to 1 of your Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may search their deck for a Stage 1 Pokémon that evolves from 1 of their Basic Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon to evolve it. If that Pokémon was evolved in this way, that player may search their deck for a Stage 2 Pokémon that evolves from that Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon to evolve it. Then, that player shuffles their deck. (Players can't evolve a Basic Pokémon during their first turn or a Basic Pokémon that was put into play this turn.)
T|As long as the Pokémon this card is attached to is in the Active Spot, the Retreat Cost of both Active Pokémon is Colorless more. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|Put 2 cards from your hand on the bottom of your deck in any order. If you put 2 cards on the bottom of your deck in this way, draw 4 cards. (If you can't put 2 cards from your hand on the bottom of your deck, you can't use this card.)
T|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 4 cards. If your opponent has 3 or fewer Prize cards remaining, draw 8 cards instead.
T|When the Tera Pokémon this card is attached to uses an attack, that attack costs 1 Energy less. (The Energy can be of any type.) You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|The Basic Pokémon this card is attached to gets +50 HP. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may discard the top card of your opponent's deck.
A|For each of your Benched Pokémon, search your deck for a card that evolves from that Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may make your opponent's Active Pokémon Asleep.
A|You may put all Energy attached to this Pokémon into your hand to have this attack do 80 more damage.
P|Attacks used by your Evolution Fire Pokémon do 10 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Discard all Special Energy from all of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|You may put 2 Energy attached to your opponent's Active Stage 2 Pokémon into their hand.
P|Prevent all damage from and effects of attacks from your opponent's Tera Pokémon done to this Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, Pokémon that have 2 or less Energy attached can't attack. (This includes new Pokémon that come into play.)
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Dragon Pokémon, it is now Paralyzed.
A|This attack does 50 less damage for each Colorless in your opponent's Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may discard a Stadium in play.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Zap Cannon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all damage done to each of your Future Pokémon by attacks from Pokémon ex. If this Pokémon is no longer your Active Pokémon, this effect ends.
P|If you have any Tera Pokémon in play, this Pokémon can use the Double-Edge attack for Psychic.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Psychic Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Attach up to 2 Basic Psychic Energy cards from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Choose 2 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. Shuffle those Pokémon and all attached cards into your opponent's deck. If 1 of your Pokémon used Angelite during your last turn, this attack can't be used.
A|Put damage counters on each of your opponent's Benched Pokémon until its remaining HP is 100.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may heal 30 damage from your Active Pokémon and have it recover from a Special Condition.
A|Move all damage counters from 1 of your Benched Ancient Pokémon to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Both Active Pokémon are Knocked Out.
A|During your next turn, the Defending Pokémon takes 50 more damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|If this Pokémon has any damage counters on it, this attack can be used for Fighting.
A|Attach up to 3 Energy cards from your opponent's discard pile to their Pokémon in any way you like.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may attach up to 2 Basic Metal Energy cards from your discard pile to your Metal Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, Knock Out your opponent's Active Basic Pokémon. If tails, Knock Out 1 of your opponent's Benched Basic Pokémon.
A|This attack does 40 damage for each Basic Energy attached to this Pokémon.
A|Look at the top 10 cards of your deck. You may put any number of Pokémon you find there onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
P|If your opponent has no Pokémon ex or Pokémon V in play, this Pokémon can't attack.
A|Switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to the Active Spot. This attack does 40 damage to the new Active Pokémon.
A|Until the end of your next turn, the Defending Pokémon's Weakness is now Colorless. (The amount of Weakness doesn't change.)
A|You may draw 5 cards.
T|If the Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, search your deck for up to 3 cards and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Search your deck for up to 5 cards and discard them. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|You can use this card only if you go second, and only during your first turn. Search your deck for a Supporter card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|You can use this card only if you go second, and only during your first turn. Put an Energy attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon into their hand. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Heal 60 damage from each of your Lightning Pokémon.
T|If you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent, attacks used by the Pokémon this card is attached to cost Colorless less. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Pokémon ex, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Look at the top 3 cards of your deck and put them back in any order, or shuffle them and put them on the bottom of your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Heal 60 damage from your Active Dragon Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, flip a coin. If heads, draw 8 cards. If tails, draw 3 cards.
T|Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal a Pokémon and a Trainer card you find there and put them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|Look at the bottom 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal a Pokémon you find there and put it into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Search your deck for any number of Basic Energy cards of different types, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Each Stage 2 Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) gets -30 HP.
T|Switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Basic Pokémon to the Active Spot. If you do, the new Active Pokémon is now Confused.
T|Each Basic Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) gets +30 HP.
T|Your opponent counts the cards in their hand, shuffles those cards, and puts them on the bottom of their deck. If they do, they draw that many cards. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Discard all Pokémon Tools and Special Energy from all of your opponent's Pokémon, and discard a Stadium in play. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Put up to 2 Supporter cards from your discard pile into your hand. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Search your deck for any number of Basic Pokémon and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Switch your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If you do, you may move any amount of Energy from the Pokémon you moved to your Bench to the new Active Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|The Pokémon this card is attached to can use the attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) If this card is attached to 1 of your Pokémon, discard it at the end of your turn. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Search your deck for a Tera Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Tell your opponent the name of a Pokémon in your hand and put that Pokémon face down in front of you. Your opponent guesses that Pokémon's HP, and then you reveal it. If your opponent guessed right, they draw 4 cards. If they guessed wrong, you draw 4 cards. Then, return the Pokémon to your hand.
A|This attack does 60 damage for each Energy attached to all of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Knock Out 1 of your opponent's Pokémon that has exactly 6 damage counters on it.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each Energy attached to this Pokémon.
P|This Pokémon can evolve into any Pokémon ex that evolves from Eevee if you play it from your hand onto this Pokémon. (This Pokémon can't evolve during your first turn or the turn you play it.)
P|This Pokémon can't be Asleep.
A|You can use this attack only if this Pokémon used Rollout during your last turn.
T|Put up to 5 in any combination of Pokémon and Basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Look at the top 4 cards of your deck. You may reveal any number of Supporter cards you find there and put them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Search your deck for up to 5 Pokémon Tool cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
P|Attacks used by your Grass Pokémon and Fire Pokémon do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, put 6 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
P|During Pokémon Checkup, put 3 more damage counters on your opponent's Burned Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may make your opponent's Active Pokémon Burned.
P|All of your Pokémon in play get +40 HP. The effect of Vibrant Dance doesn't stack.
A|This Pokémon does 100 damage to itself. Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is Knocked Out.
A|If you use this attack when you have exactly 1 Prize card remaining, you win this game.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may have your opponent reveal their hand and you put any number of Basic Pokémon you find there onto their Bench.
A|Choose 2 of your opponent's Pokémon and put 3 damage counters on each of them.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may attach up to 2 Spiky Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Brave Slash.
A|Attach a Basic Fire Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Dragon Pokémon.
P|Attacks used by your Hop's Pokémon do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). The effect of Extra Helpings doesn't stack.
A|This attack does 60 damage for each of your opponent's Pokémon ex in play.
P|If you have the same number of cards in your hand as your opponent, ignore all Energy in the cost of Frightening Howl used by this Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to the Active Spot.
T|Draw 2 cards. Then, if you have 10 or more cards in your hand, draw 2 more cards.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Pokémon or 1 Evolution Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Hop's Pokémon and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Attacks used by the Hop's Pokémon this card is attached to cost Colorless less and do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|If the Lillie's Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, that player takes 1 fewer Prize card. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached.
T|N's Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) have no Retreat Cost.
T|Attacks used by Hop's Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) do 30 more damage to the opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|Count your Prize cards, shuffle them, and put them on the bottom of your deck. Then, take that many cards from the top of your deck and put them face down as your Prize cards. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Discard a Pokémon Tool and a Special Energy from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Energy attached to both Active Pokémon.
T|The Retreat Cost of each Psyduck in play (both yours and your opponent's) is Colorless less.
P|If this Pokémon has any Psychic Energy attached, it has no Retreat Cost.
A|Shuffle up to 3 Basic Water Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck.
A|Discard the top 3 cards of your deck. This attack does 80 damage for each Energy card you discarded in this way.
A|Flip 3 coins. Attach a number of Basic Lightning Energy cards up to the number of heads from your discard pile to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent shuffles their Active Pokémon and all attached cards into their deck.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Giga Hammer.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Drum Beating.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Grass Energy cards and attach them to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Attach up to 3 Fire Energy cards from your discard pile to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from your Bench to the Active Spot, you may attach up to 2 Fire Energy cards from your discard pile to it.
A|Put 2 Water Energy attached to this Pokémon into your hand.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for a Trainer card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 2 Trainer cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Your Pokémon recover from all Special Conditions and can't be affected by any Special Conditions.
P|As often as you like during your turn, you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Psychic Pokémon to another of your Psychic Pokémon.
A|This attack also does 60 damage to each Benched Pokémon that has any damage counters on it (both yours and your opponent's). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon's attacks do 120 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Until this Grapploct leaves the Active Spot, the Defending Pokémon's attacks cost ColorlessColorless more, and the Defending Pokémon can't retreat. This effect can't be applied more than once.
A|Attach a Fighting Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon. If you do, heal 120 damage from that Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may put 1 damage counter on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|Put 2 more damage counters on your opponent's Poisoned Pokémon during Pokémon Checkup.
A|Your opponent shuffles their hand and puts it on the bottom of their deck. If they put any cards on the bottom of their deck in this way, they draw 3 cards.
A|You may move all Energy from this Pokémon to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon VMAX.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. They shuffle that Pokémon and all attached cards into their deck. Then, shuffle this Pokémon and all attached cards into your deck.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. The Retreat Cost of the Pokémon this card is attached to is ColorlessColorless less. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. The Pokémon this card is attached to gets +30 HP. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Search your deck for a basic Energy card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. At the end of each turn, if the Pokémon this card is attached to is affected by any Special Conditions, it recovers from all of them, and discard this card. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Attach a Metal Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Metal Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Choose 1 or both: • Shuffle up to 2 Pokémon from your discard pile into your deck. • Shuffle up to 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Put an Energy attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon into their hand.
P|Your Grass Pokémon in play, except any Kricketune, get +40 HP. You can't apply more than 1 Swelling Tune Ability at a time.
A|Reveal any number of Sweet Honey cards from your hand. This attack does 60 damage for each card you revealed in this way.
A|This attack does 70 damage for each damage counter on this Pokémon.
A|Discard each player's Active Pokémon and all attached cards. (You choose a new Active Pokémon first.)
A|Put a Basic Pokémon from either player's discard pile onto that player's Bench.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Pokémon V, it can't attack during your opponent's next turn.
P|You must discard a Psychic Energy card from your hand in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may make your opponent's Active Pokémon Burned and Confused.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon has exactly 4 damage counters on it, that Pokémon is Knocked Out. (You can't use more than 1 VSTAR Power in a game.)
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may heal 10 damage from your Active Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may heal 30 damage from your Active Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may heal 90 damage from your Active Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use G-Max Chi Strike.
P|If this Pokémon has any damage counters on it, it has no Retreat Cost.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each damage counter on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|This attack does 80 damage for each Special Condition affecting your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|If your opponent has any Pokémon VMAX in play, this Pokémon's attacks cost ColorlessColorlessColorless less.
P|If your opponent has 2 or fewer Prize cards remaining, whenever your opponent plays a Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to your Benched Pokémon V.
A|Shuffle up to 3 Metal Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck.
A|Attach up to 2 Metal Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
A|Take another turn after this one. (Skip Pokémon Checkup.) (You can't use more than 1 VSTAR Power in a game.)
P|Once during your turn, when you play a Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your other Eevee, you may search your deck for a card that evolves from this Pokémon and put it onto this Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Basic Energy attached to your Benched Pokémon can't be discarded by an effect of your opponent's Item or Supporter cards.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon V.
P|Once during your turn, if you have Regirock, Regice, Registeel, Regieleki, and Regidrago in play, you may attach up to 3 Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from your Bench to the Active Spot, you may move any amount of Energy from your other Pokémon to it.
T|You can use this card only if you discard 2 Metal Energy cards from your hand. Search your deck for up to 2 cards and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Until the end of your turn, your opponent's Active Pokémon has no Abilities. (This includes Pokémon that come into play during that turn.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Flip 2 coins. Put a number of cards up to the number of heads from your discard pile on top of your deck in any order.
T|Attach a basic Darkness Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Darkness Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal an Energy card you find there and put it into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Whenever either player puts a Basic Pokémon from their hand onto their Bench, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
T|Draw 2 cards. If you drew any cards in this way, attach up to 2 Grass Energy cards from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
T|During this turn, your Fighting Pokémon's attacks do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). During your turn, if this Grant is in your discard pile, you may discard 2 cards, except any Grant, from your hand. If you do, put this Grant into your hand. (This effect doesn't use up your Supporter card for the turn.)
T|Reveal the top card of your deck. If that card is a Fighting Energy card, attach it to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If it is not a Fighting Energy card, put it into your hand. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Look at your face-down Prize cards. You may reveal a Basic Pokémon you find there, put it into your hand, and put this Hisuian Heavy Ball in its place as a face-down Prize card. (If you don't reveal a Basic Pokémon, put this card in the discard pile.) Then, shuffle your face-down Prize cards. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Search your deck for a Water Pokémon and an Item card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may shuffle their hand into their deck and draw 5 cards. If they do, their turn ends.
T|Choose a card in your hand, and discard the other cards. If you do, draw 4 cards. (If you have no other cards in your hand, you can't use this card.)
T|You can use this card only if your opponent has 3 or fewer Prize cards remaining. Each player shuffles their hand into their deck. Then, you draw 6 cards, and your opponent draws 2 cards.
T|Your Active Pokémon is now Burned. Heal 40 damage from it. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|When applying Weakness to damage from the attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to done to your opponent's Active Pokémon, apply it as ×3. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Choose 1 of your Pokémon, and then flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, heal 40 damage from that Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Switch your Active Basic Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If you do, heal 30 damage from the Pokémon you moved to your Bench. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|All Special Energy attached to Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) provide Colorless Energy and have no other effect.
T|Look at the top card of your deck. You may put that card into your hand. If you don't, discard that card and draw a card. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|You can use this card only if you go second, and only during your first turn. Search your deck for a basic Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck. Your turn ends. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Draw cards until you have 1 more card in your hand than your opponent.
P|When 1 of your Basic Pokémon V is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, you may move a basic Energy card from that Pokémon to another of your Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Pokémon in your discard pile. (You can't use more than 1 VSTAR Power in a game.)
T|The attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon V (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Pokémon with a Rule Box in play (both yours and your opponent's) have no Abilities. (Pokémon V, Pokémon-GX, etc. have Rule Boxes.)
P|Your Single Strike Pokémon in play, except any Abomasnow, get +50 HP. You can't apply more than 1 Toughness Boost Ability at a time.
P|Once during your turn, you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon. If you placed any damage counters in this way, shuffle this Pokémon and all attached cards into your deck.
A|This attack does 40 damage for each Water Energy attached to this Pokémon.
P|When your Active Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, you may move any amount of Water Energy from that Pokémon to this Pokémon.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each of your Rapid Strike Pokémon in play.
A|Choose 2 of your opponent's Pokémon and put 5 damage counters on each of them.
P|This Pokémon's attacks cost Colorless less for each of your opponent's Pokémon V in play.
T|Draw 3 cards. If you drew any cards in this way, discard up to 3 cards from your hand. (You must discard at least 1 card.)
T|Discard the top 5 cards of your deck, and attach any Energy cards you discarded in this way to your Benched Fighting Pokémon in any way you like.
T|Attach a Water Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon V. If you do, draw 3 cards.
T|Discard up to 2 cards from your hand, and draw 2 cards for each card you discarded in this way.
T|Search your deck for an Energy card and a Darkness Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, during your opponent's next turn, they can't play any Supporter cards from their hand. If tails, during your opponent's next turn, they can't play any Item cards from their hand.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may make both Active Pokémon Asleep and Poisoned.
A|Search your deck for any number of Wurmple, Silcoon, Beautifly, Cascoon, and Dustox, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Put this Pokémon and all attached cards in the Lost Zone.
P|If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon V, your opponent can't take any Prize cards for it.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may attach up to 3 Energy cards from your opponent's discard pile to your opponent's Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Put all Energy attached to this Pokémon in the Lost Zone.
P|During Pokémon Checkup, put 4 damage counters on your opponent's Burned Pokémon instead of 2.
A|Shuffle any amount of Water Energy from your Pokémon into your deck. This attack does 40 damage for each card you shuffled into your deck in this way.
A|Each player reveals the top 2 cards of their deck, then draws those cards.
A|Attach any number of Water Energy cards from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|Once during your turn, you may discard the top card of your deck. If that card is a Water Energy card, attach it to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|If you have 4 or more cards in the Lost Zone, ignore all Energy in this Pokémon's attack costs.
A|Search your deck for a Lightning Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may flip a coin. If heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Psychic Energy attached to all of your Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, for each of your Benched Clefairy, you may search your deck for a Psychic Energy card and attach it to that Clefairy. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Put 2 damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon for each of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in your discard pile, you may put it onto your Bench. If you do, put 3 damage counters on this Pokémon.
A|You and your opponent play Rock-Paper-Scissors until someone wins. If you win, during your opponent's next turn, prevent all damage from and effects of attacks done to this Pokémon.
A|This attack does 10 damage for each damage counter on all of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Phantom Strike.
A|Attach up to 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
P|Prevent all effects of your opponent's Pokémon's Abilities done to each of your Pokémon that has any Psychic Energy attached, except any Enamorus V.
P|If your opponent has 3 or fewer Prize cards remaining, this Pokémon gets +150 HP.
A|Put the top 3 cards of your deck in the Lost Zone.
A|Until this Pokémon leaves play, it gains an Ability that has the effect "Your opponent's Pokémon V in play, except any Aerodactyl VSTAR, have no Abilities." (You can't use more than 1 VSTAR Power in a game.)
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Fighting Energy cards and attach them to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Your opponent puts any Prize cards they would take in the Lost Zone instead of into their hand.
A|Attach up to 2 Fighting Energy cards from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Put the top card of your opponent's deck in the Lost Zone.
P|This Pokémon's attacks cost Colorless less for each of your opponent's Single Strike, Rapid Strike, and Fusion Strike Pokémon in play.
P|During Pokémon Checkup, put 2 more damage counters on your opponent's Poisoned Pokémon.
A|Look at the top 4 cards of your deck and put 2 of them into your hand. Put the other cards in the Lost Zone.
A|Put 2 Energy attached to your Pokémon in the Lost Zone.
A|You can use this attack only if you have 10 or more cards in the Lost Zone. Your opponent's Active Pokémon is Knocked Out. (You can't use more than 1 VSTAR Power in a game.)
P|Prevent all damage done to each of your Basic Pokémon that has any Metal Energy attached by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon V.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may shuffle it and all attached cards into your deck.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Pokémon Tool card in the Lost Zone (both yours and your opponent's).
A|Put an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon in the Lost Zone.
P|If this Pokémon is Asleep and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, your opponent can't take any Prize cards for it.
T|Look at the top card of your deck. You may switch that card with 1 of your face-down Prize cards. (The cards stay face down.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Evolution Pokémon that don't have a Rule Box, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. (Pokémon V, Pokémon-GX, etc. have Rule Boxes.)
T|If the Pokémon V this card is attached to has full HP and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, put 8 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck and put 3 of them into your hand. Put the other cards in the Lost Zone.
T|Move up to 2 damage counters from 1 of your Pokémon to your other Pokémon in any way you like. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Draw 2 cards. If your Active Pokémon has "Hisuian" in its name, draw 2 more cards.
T|Whenever a Pokémon (either yours or your opponent's) is Knocked Out, put that Pokémon in the Lost Zone instead of the discard pile. (Discard all attached cards.)
T|You can use this card only if you put another card from your hand in the Lost Zone. Choose a Pokémon Tool attached to any Pokémon, or any Stadium in play, and put it in the Lost Zone. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|You can use this card only if you have 7 or more cards in the Lost Zone. Search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards of different types and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Look at the top 5 cards of your opponent's deck and discard any number of Item cards you find there. Your opponent shuffles the other cards back into their deck.
T|Prevent all damage done to the Pokémon this card is attached to by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that have 40 HP or less remaining. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Reveal the top 5 cards of your deck and have your opponent choose 2 of them. Discard the chosen cards and put the remaining cards into your hand.
T|Choose a Basic Pokémon in your discard pile and switch it with 1 of your Basic Pokémon in play. Any attached cards, damage counters, Special Conditions, turns in play, and any other effects remain on the new Pokémon.
T|Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal any number of Pokémon Tool cards you find there and put them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Discard 1 of your Benched Pokémon V and all attached cards.
T|The Pokémon this card is attached to can attack even if it's Asleep or Paralyzed. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
A|This attack does 100 damage for each Special Condition affecting this Pokémon.
T|Each player can't have more than 4 Benched Pokémon. If a player has 5 or more Benched Pokémon, they discard Benched Pokémon until they have 4 Pokémon on the Bench. The player who played this card discards first. If more than one effect changes the number of Benched Pokémon allowed, use the smaller number.
P|If you have 8 or more Stadium cards in your discard pile, ignore all Energy in this Pokémon's attack costs.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may draw cards until you have 6 cards in your hand. You can't use more than 1 Dark Asset Ability each turn.
A|You may attach a Darkness Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each of your Darkness Pokémon in play.
P|If all of your Pokémon in play are Darkness type, you can have up to 8 Pokémon on your Bench, and you can't put non-Darkness Pokémon into play. (If this Ability stops working, discard Pokémon from your Bench until you have 5.)
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Pokémon V, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 4 cards. If your Active Pokémon is your only Pokémon in play, draw 8 cards instead.
T|Put up to 4 in any combination of Water Pokémon and Water Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand.
T|Flip 2 coins. Search your deck for a number of cards up to the number of heads, put them into your hand, and shuffle your deck.
P|Your opponent's Pokémon VSTAR's attacks cost Colorless more. You can't apply more than 1 Hidden Threads Ability at a time.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Grass Energy cards and attach them to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|During your opponent's turn, if this Pokémon is discarded from your hand by an effect of an attack or Ability from your opponent's Pokémon, or by an effect of your opponent's Item or Supporter cards, discard your opponent's hand.
A|Attach up to 2 Fire Energy cards from your discard pile to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This attack does 60 damage for each Serena card in your discard pile.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if this Pokémon has full HP and would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack, it is not Knocked Out, and its remaining HP becomes 10.
A|This attack does 70 damage for each of your opponent's Pokémon V in play. This damage isn't affected by Weakness or Resistance. (You can't use more than 1 VSTAR Power in a game.)
A|Shuffle up to 4 in any combination of Unidentified Fossil and Rare Fossil cards from your discard pile into your deck.
P|Once during your turn, you may move up to 2 damage counters from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon to another of their Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon has full HP and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, put 8 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
A|If you use this attack when you have only 1 Prize card remaining, you win this game.
A|Until this Pokémon leaves play, it gains an Ability that has the effect "The Weakness of each of your opponent's Pokémon in play is now Psychic. (The amount of Weakness doesn't change.)" (You can't use more than 1 VSTAR Power in a game.)
P|If you have exactly 4 cards in your hand, this Pokémon's attacks cost ColorlessColorlessColorless less.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if an Energy card is attached to the Defending Pokémon from your opponent's hand, that Pokémon will be Asleep.
A|Choose 2 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and put 3 damage counters on each of them.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 2 Supporter cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Discard a number of your Benched Dreepy up to the number of your opponent's Pokémon in play. Then, for each Dreepy you discarded in this way, choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon and do 100 damage to it. You can't choose the same Pokémon more than once. This damage isn't affected by Weakness or Resistance.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon has 100 HP or less remaining, it is Knocked Out.
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all damage from attacks done to this Pokémon. If 1 of your Pokémon used Cavern Tackle during your last turn, this attack can't be used.
A|During your opponent's next turn, this Pokémon takes 50 more damage from attacks (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may discard a random card from your opponent's hand. If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may discard a random card from your opponent's hand.
A|Search your deck for a card. Shuffle your deck, then put that card on top of it.
P|Once during your turn, if you drew this Pokémon from your deck at the beginning of your turn and your Bench isn't full, before you put it into your hand, you may put it onto your Bench. If you do, draw 3 cards.
P|If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, search your deck for up to 3 cards and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 3 basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, during your opponent's next turn, if this Pokémon is Knocked Out, your opponent can't take any Prize cards for it.
A|Knock Out 1 of your opponent's Radiant Pokémon.
A|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck. You may attach any number of basic Energy cards you find there to 1 of your Pokémon. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|You can use this card only when it is the last card in your hand. Draw a card for each Benched Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's).
T|Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal any number of Water Pokémon and Water Energy cards you find there and put them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|At the end of each turn, if the Pokémon this card is attached to has 30 HP or less remaining and has any damage counters on it, heal 120 damage from it. If you healed any damage in this way, discard this card. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Search your deck for a Basic Pokémon and put it onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck. You may switch that Pokémon with your Active Pokémon.
T|Draw 2 cards. If any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn, draw 2 more cards.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Dragon Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Whenever your opponent plays a Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to the Pokémon VSTAR or Pokémon VMAX this card is attached to. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may look at the top card of their deck. They may discard that card.
T|Put up to 3 Pokémon that have "Hisuian" in their names from your discard pile into your hand.
T|You may use 4 Quad Stone cards at once. • If you used 1 card, heal 10 damage from your Active Pokémon. • If you used 4 cards, heal all damage from each of your Pokémon. (This effect works one time for 4 cards.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Draw 3 cards. Discard a Stadium in play.
A|You may attach up to 2 basic Energy cards from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Energy card in your discard pile. (You can't use more than 1 VSTAR Power in a game.)
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Aqua Typhoon.
P|If this Pokémon is in your hand when you are setting up to play, you may put it face down as your Active Pokémon.
P|Whenever any player attaches an Energy card from their hand to 1 of their Pokémon V, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
A|This attack does 60 damage for each of your opponent's Pokémon in play that has an Ability.
A|Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon 4 times. (You can choose the same Pokémon more than once.) For each time you chose a Pokémon, do 60 damage to it. This damage isn't affected by Weakness or Resistance. (You can't use more than 1 VSTAR Power in a game.)
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Energy attached to all of your Pokémon.
A|Attach up to 2 Psychic Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for an Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Fusion Strike Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Look at the top 3 cards of your deck. You may attach any number of Energy cards you find there to this Pokémon. Put the other cards back in any order.
P|Once during your turn, you may move up to 2 damage counters from your Pokémon to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|This attack does 80 less damage for each Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Put a random card from your opponent's hand in the Lost Zone.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon that have Special Energy attached.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 2 Pokémon VMAX and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck. If you use this Ability, your turn ends.
A|Shuffle up to 2 Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck.
A|If your opponent's Basic Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from this attack, take 1 more Prize card.
A|Choose a Supporter card from your opponent's discard pile and use the effect of that card as the effect of this attack.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, look at the bottom 8 cards of your deck and put 1 of them into your hand. If tails, look at the bottom 3 cards of your deck and put 1 of them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|During this turn, your Pokémon's attacks do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|You can play this card only if any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn. Attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon. If you do, search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Put up to 2 Pokémon, each with 90 HP or less, from your discard pile into your hand. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Choose up to 2 of your Fusion Strike Pokémon. For each of those Pokémon, search your deck for a Fusion Strike Energy card and attach it to that Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Prevent all damage done to your Benched Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon.
P|If all your Pokémon in play are Fusion Strike Pokémon, your opponent's Pokémon VMAX in play get -30 HP.
P|Once during your turn, you may attach a Psychic Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Latios.
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all damage from and effects of attacks done to this Pokémon. (You can't use more than 1 VSTAR Power in a game.)
A|This attack does 60 damage for each Energy attached to both Active Pokémon. (You can't use more than 1 VSTAR Power in a game.)
T|Put 1 of your Colorless Pokémon that has any damage counters on it and all attached cards into your hand.
A|Reveal any number of Rapid Strike cards from your hand. This attack does 40 damage for each card you revealed in this way. Then, shuffle those cards into your deck.
A|Choose up to 2 of your Benched Rapid Strike Pokémon and attach an Energy card from your discard pile to each of them.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Sky Hurricane.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use G-Max Hurricane.
T|Look at the top 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal any number of Energy cards you find there and put them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 cards and discard them. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Choose a Trainer card from your discard pile. Then, ask your opponent if you may put it into your hand. If yes, put that card into your hand. If no, draw 3 cards.
A|Shuffle up to 5 basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck.
P|Once during your turn, if you drew this Pokémon from your deck at the beginning of your turn and your Bench isn't full, before you put it into your hand, you may put it onto your Bench.
A|This attack does 60 damage for each Prize card you have taken.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may put a Supporter card from your discard pile into your hand.
P|If this Pokémon has a Burning Scarf attached, it gets +100 HP.
A|Attach a Fire Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|If a Stadium is in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
P|Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, except damage, done to all of your Pokémon that have Energy attached. (Existing effects are not removed.)
A|Discard any Stadium in play.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Crushing Headbutt.
P|Whenever you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon during your turn, heal 30 damage from it.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, discard an Energy from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Lightning Energy cards and attach them to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon on top of their deck.
A|Move an Energy from 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to their Active Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, the Attacking Pokémon is Knocked Out.
A|Put 1 damage counter on your opponent's Active Pokémon for each Pokémon in your discard pile.
P|Once during your turn, you may use this Ability. Each player discards a card from their hand. (Your opponent discards first.)
A|This Pokémon can't use Meteor Assault again until it leaves the Active Spot.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each of your Benched Pokémon that has "Falinks" in its name.
A|Discard the top card of each player's deck.
A|Attach a Metal Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may flip a coin. If heads, put a Supporter card from your discard pile into your hand.
A|Discard up to 6 cards from the top of your deck. If you do, this attack does 30 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, discard your opponent's Active Pokémon and all attached cards.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. If the Fire Pokémon this card is attached to is in the Active Spot and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if it is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokémon is now Burned. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 Water Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, discard the top 2 cards of your opponent's deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Draw 2 cards. You and your opponent play Rock-Paper-Scissors until someone wins. If you win, draw 2 more cards.
T|The Retreat Cost of both Active Pokémon is ColorlessColorless more. This Stadium stays in play when you play it. Discard it if another Stadium comes into play. If a Stadium with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|You can play this card only if you drew it from your deck at the beginning of your turn, before you put it into your hand. Draw 3 cards. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|You can play this card only if you discard 2 other cards from your hand. Your opponent reveals their hand. Put a Trainer card you find there on the bottom of their deck.
T|Put 1 of your Pokémon that isn't a Pokémon V or a Pokémon-GX into your hand. (Discard all attached cards.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Pokémon or up to 2 basic Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may put a basic Energy card from their discard pile into their hand. This Stadium stays in play when you play it. Discard it if another Stadium comes into play. If a Stadium with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may search their deck for an Evolution Grass Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into their hand. Then, that player shuffles their deck. This Stadium stays in play when you play it. Discard it if another Stadium comes into play. If a Stadium with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon V and Pokémon-GX.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Pokémon in your discard pile that has the Mad Party attack.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may flip a coin. If heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 8 cards.
P|Your opponent's Benched Pokémon can't be healed.
A|If your opponent has a Stadium in play, discard it. If you discarded a Stadium in this way, during your opponent's next turn, prevent all damage from and effects of attacks done to this Pokémon.
P|If you have Lunatone in play, your opponent's Pokémon in play have no Resistance.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Heavy Rock Artillery.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may make your opponent's Active Pokémon Poisoned.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Evolution Pokémon with their Active Pokémon.
A|Put 2 Darkness Energy attached to this Pokémon into your hand.
A|Discard a Pokémon Tool and a Special Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for a Metal Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|This Pokémon gets +20 HP for each Metal Energy attached to it.
P|If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, discard the top 2 cards of your opponent's deck.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Max Wings.
A|Move any amount of Energy from your Pokémon to your other Pokémon in any way you like.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put 1 of your Pokémon, except any Corviknight, and all attached cards into your hand.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, that player discards any Prize cards they would take for that Knock Out instead of putting those cards into their hand. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Switch your Active Pokémon with 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If you do, draw 3 cards.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. The Basic Pokémon this card is attached to gets +50 HP, except Pokémon-GX. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Once during each player's turn, after that player flips any coins for an attack, they may ignore all results of those coin flips and begin flipping those coins again. This Stadium stays in play when you play it. Discard it if another Stadium comes into play. If a Stadium with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Flip 2 coins. If both are heads, put a card from your discard pile into your hand. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Choose up to 2 of your Pokémon in play. For each of those Pokémon, search your deck for a card that evolves from that Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck. You can't use this card during your first turn or on a Pokémon that was put into play this turn.
T|Attach up to 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon VMAX. If you attached any Energy cards in this way, discard your hand.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may draw cards until they have 3 cards in their hand. This Stadium stays in play when you play it. Discard it if another Stadium comes into play. If a Stadium with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Whenever a player's Active Pokémon moves to the Bench during their turn, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon. This Stadium stays in play when you play it. Discard it if another Stadium comes into play. If a Stadium with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Basic Pokémon that isn't a Pokémon-GX. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Both Active Pokémon are now Confused. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Solar Typhoon.
A|Attach up to 2 Fire Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Attach up to 3 Water Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
A|Discard any amount of Energy from your Pokémon. This attack does 60 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each Fighting Pokémon in your discard pile.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Beatdown Smash.
A|Discard a Fighting Energy from this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn, you may have your opponent discard cards from their hand until they have 4 cards in their hand.
T|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck, choose 1 of them, and shuffle the other cards back into your deck. Then, put the card you chose on top of your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Grass Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent shuffles their Active Pokémon and all attached cards and puts them on the bottom of their deck.
A|You may attach up to 2 basic Energy cards from your hand to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. If you attached Energy to a Pokémon in this way, heal all damage from that Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon has a Memory Capsule attached, Grass Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) have no Abilities.
A|If you go first, you can use this attack during your first turn. Discard your hand and draw 6 cards.
P|If this Pokémon has a Memory Capsule attached, Fire Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) have no Abilities.
A|Discard any number of Arrokuda from your Bench. This attack does 60 damage for each Arrokuda you discarded in this way.
P|If this Pokémon has a Memory Capsule attached, Water Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) have no Abilities.
A|This attack also does 30 damage to 1 of your Benched Pokémon and 30 damage to 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
P|Once during your turn, if your Active Pokémon has any Psychic Energy attached, you may heal 20 damage from it, and it recovers from a Special Condition.
A|You may have your opponent shuffle their hand into their deck. If you do, your opponent draws 4 cards.
P|Put this Pokémon into play only with the effect of Ninjask's Cast-Off Shell Ability. (When you are setting up to play, you cannot put it face down as your Active Pokémon or on your Bench.)
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may devolve 1 of your opponent's Benched evolved Pokémon by putting the highest Stage Evolution card on it into your opponent's hand.
A|Search your deck for a Pokémon and a Supporter card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may have each player draw a card.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Pokémon Tool card in your discard pile. Then, shuffle those cards into your deck.
A|Search your deck for up to 7 basic Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Attach up to 2 Metal Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each of your Pokémon in play that has the Round attack.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each of your Pokémon in play that has the Round attack.
A|Discard all basic Energy from this Pokémon. This attack does 80 damage for each type of basic Energy you discarded in this way.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may look at the top 3 cards of your deck and attach any number of basic Energy cards you find there to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 Rare Fossil cards and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Your opponent reveals their hand. If they do, look at the top card of your opponent's deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. The Pokémon VMAX this card is attached to gets -100 HP, and if it is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, that player takes 1 fewer Prize card. You can't attach this card to a Pokémon VMAX that has 100 HP or less remaining. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. The Pokémon this card is attached to can use any attack from its previous Evolutions. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Heal 30 damage from up to 2 of your Pokémon that have Energy attached. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is in the Active Spot and is damaged by an attack from your opponent's Pokémon (even if it is Knocked Out), put 2 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Whenever either player plays a Pokémon VMAX from their hand to evolve a Pokémon V during their turn, heal 100 damage from that Pokémon. This Stadium stays in play when you play it. Discard it if another Stadium comes into play. If a Stadium with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
P|Once during your turn, when this Pokémon moves from your Bench to the Active Spot, you may move any amount of Fighting Energy from your other Pokémon to it.
A|Attach up to 2 Grass Energy cards from your discard pile to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Max Anchor.
P|If you have a Stadium in play, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may search your deck for up to 2 Item cards that have the word "Rotom" in their name, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Your opponent's Active Pokémon is Knocked Out.
A|Search your deck for a card that evolves from Eevee, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 different Item cards that have the word "Ball" in their name, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. The Zamazenta V this card is attached to gets +70 HP. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Heal 50 damage from both Active Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may make your opponent's Active Pokémon Burned and Poisoned.
A|Heal all damage from 2 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon's attacks cost ColorlessColorless more.
A|You may attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon.
A|This attack does 90 damage for each Special Condition affecting your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|Whenever your opponent flips a coin for their Burned Pokémon during Pokémon Checkup, it doesn't recover from that Special Condition even if the result is heads.
P|As long as this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, your opponent's Basic Pokémon in play have no Abilities, except for Pokémon with a Rule Box (Pokémon V, Pokémon-GX, etc. have Rule Boxes).
A|This attack does 10 damage for each Water Energy card in your discard pile.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Lightning Slam.
A|If you have more Prize cards remaining than your opponent, their Active Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may put a Poké Ball card, a Great Ball card, or 1 of each from your discard pile into your hand.
A|If this Pokémon has any damage counters on it, this attack can be used for Lightning.
A|Attach Psychic Energy cards from your discard pile to your Pokémon in any way you like until your Pokémon and your opponent's Pokémon have the same total amount of Energy attached.
P|Once during your turn, you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Put 3 damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon for each Prize card your opponent has taken.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may prevent all damage done to this Mimikyu V by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon until the end of your opponent's next turn.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each of your Benched Pokémon that has any damage counters on it.
A|Discard the top 6 cards of your deck. This attack does 60 damage for each Fighting Energy card you discarded in this way.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may draw 2 cards.
A|Your opponent chooses to discard the top 3 cards of their deck or to discard 3 cards from their hand.
T|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 4 cards. If any of your Pokémon were Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn, draw 7 cards instead.
T|Search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. Your turn ends. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Heal all damage from each of your Evolution Pokémon. If you do, discard all Energy from the Pokémon that were healed in this way.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. When your Active Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, you may move a Basic Energy from that Pokémon to the Pokémon this card is attached to. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Put a Special Energy attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon on the bottom of their deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|During this turn, damage from your Pokémon VMAX's attacks isn't affected by any effects on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. The Rapid Strike Pokémon this card is attached to can use the attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|You can play this card only when it is the last card in your hand. Put a Rapid Strike Pokémon from your discard pile onto your Bench. If you do, draw 5 cards.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. The Single Strike Pokémon this card is attached to can use the attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|You can play this card only when it is the last card in your hand. Search your deck for a Single Strike Pokémon and put it onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck. If you searched your deck in this way, draw 5 cards.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. As long as the Pokémon this card is attached to is in the Active Spot, Pokémon Tools attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon have no effect, except for Tool Jammer. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may draw 2 cards. In order to use this effect, that player must discard a Single Strike card from their hand. This Stadium stays in play when you play it. Discard it if another Stadium comes into play. If a Stadium with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|The Retreat Cost of each Rapid Strike Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) is ColorlessColorless less. This Stadium stays in play when you play it. Discard it if another Stadium comes into play. If a Stadium with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Shuffle up to 2 Single Strike Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
A|Attach any number of Grass Energy cards from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Search your deck for a Grass Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you go second and it's your first turn, search for up to 3 Grass Pokémon instead of 1. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|During your next turn, if the Defending Pokémon is damaged by an attack from a Rapid Strike Pokémon, it will be Knocked Out.
P|Once during your turn, you may put 2 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each of your Rapid Strike Pokémon in play.
A|You may attach a Lightning Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, search your deck for up to 2 cards and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|This attack does 60 damage for each of your opponent's Pokémon V in play.
P|Each basic Darkness Energy attached to your Pokémon that have "Weezing" in their name provides DarknessDarkness Energy. You can't apply more than 1 Energy Factory Ability at a time.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may discard a Pokémon Tool from a Pokémon (yours or your opponent's).
P|Whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon during your turn, you may make your opponent's Active Pokémon Confused.
P|This Pokémon is the same type as any basic Energy attached to it. (If it has 2 or more different types of basic Energy attached, this Pokémon is each of those types.)
P|Energy attached to your Pokémon can't be put into your hand, deck, or discard pile by an effect of your opponent's Item or Supporter cards.
T|Move up to 3 damage counters from your Active Pokémon to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
T|Draw 3 cards. If you drew any cards in this way, your opponent discards Pokémon from their Bench until they have 3.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Rapid Strike Pokémon and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|Put any number of cards from your hand on the bottom of your deck in any order. Then, draw that many cards.
T|Draw 2 cards. If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Pokémon VMAX, draw 2 more cards.
T|Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) can't be healed. This Stadium stays in play when you play it. Discard it if another Stadium comes into play. If a Stadium with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Put a Basic Pokémon from your opponent's discard pile onto their Bench. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Look at the bottom 3 cards of your deck and put them on top of your deck in any order. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Discard a Special Energy from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon, and discard a Stadium in play.
T|Search your deck for a Psychic Energy card or a Basic Psychic Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Draw a card for each of your opponent's Benched Pokémon V.
T|During this turn, your Single Strike Pokémon's attacks do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon for each Prize card your opponent has taken (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
T|Choose 1 or both: • Put up to 2 Pokémon from your discard pile into your hand. • Put up to 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand.
T|Whenever any player attaches an Energy card from their hand to 1 of their non-Psychic Pokémon, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon. This Stadium stays in play when you play it. Discard it if another Stadium comes into play. If a Stadium with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Pokémon with a Rule Box in play (both yours and your opponent's) have no Abilities. (Pokémon V, Pokémon-GX, etc. have Rule Boxes.) This Stadium stays in play when you play it. Discard it if another Stadium comes into play. If a Stadium with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Put up to 3 Prize cards into your hand. Then, for each Prize card you put into your hand in this way, put a card from your hand face down as a Prize card.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is in the Active Spot and is damaged by an attack from your opponent's Pokémon (even if it is Knocked Out), put an Energy attached to the Attacking Pokémon into your opponent's hand. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Choose up to 2 of your Rapid Strike Pokémon and heal 60 damage from each of them.
T|Put a Single Strike Supporter card from your discard pile into your hand. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
A|Put damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon until its remaining HP is 100.
P|Damage from your Single Strike Pokémon's attacks isn't affected by your opponent's Active Pokémon's Resistance.
P|When you attach an Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon during your turn, you may search your deck for a card that evolves from this Pokémon and put it onto this Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|This Pokémon may attack twice each turn. If the first attack Knocks Out your opponent's Active Pokémon, you may attack again after your opponent chooses a new Active Pokémon.
A|This attack does 60 damage for each Colorless in your opponent's Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost.
A|This attack does 40 damage for each Supporter card in your opponent's discard pile.
A|Discard the top 5 cards of your deck. This attack does 100 damage for each Energy card you discarded in this way.
A|This attack does 10 damage for each damage counter on all of your Benched Single Strike Pokémon.
P|Whenever your opponent plays a Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to you or your hand.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon VMAX, except any Glaceon VMAX.
A|Look at the top 6 cards of your deck and attach any number of basic Energy cards you find there to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
P|If this Pokémon has 3 or more Water Energy attached, it gets +150 HP.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Pokémon V or a Pokémon-GX, it can't attack during your opponent's next turn.
A|This attack does 50 damage to each Pokémon V and Pokémon-GX (both yours and your opponent's). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|During your opponent's next turn, Energy cards can't be attached from your opponent's hand to the Defending Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may attach up to 2 Psychic Energy cards from your hand to this Pokémon.
A|Put damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon equal to the number of damage counters on 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Attach an Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. If you do, heal 120 damage from that Pokémon.
A|Reveal the top 6 cards of your deck. This attack does 60 damage for each Psychic Pokémon you find there. Then, shuffle those Pokémon back into your deck and discard the other cards.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Knocked Out during your next turn, take 1 more Prize card.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may attach up to 2 Fighting Energy cards from your hand to this Pokémon.
A|Knock Out 1 of your opponent's Pokémon in play that has 60 HP or less remaining.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench during your turn, you may attach up to 2 Darkness Energy cards from your hand to this Pokémon.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon has any damage counters on it, put it and all attached cards into your opponent's hand.
P|This Pokémon may have up to 2 Pokémon Tools attached to it. If it loses this Ability, discard Pokémon Tools from it until only 1 remains.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may have each player shuffle their hand and put it on the bottom of their deck. If either player put any cards on the bottom of their deck in this way, each player draws 4 cards.
A|Discard any amount of Water Energy from your Pokémon. This attack does 60 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each of your opponent's Pokémon in play that has an Ability.
A|This attack does 70 damage for each Special Energy card attached to your opponent's Pokémon.
P|If a Stadium is in play, this Pokémon can't attack.
A|Draw a card. If you go second and it's your first turn, draw 3 more cards.
T|Draw 2 cards. If you do, your Active Pokémon recovers from all Special Conditions.
T|Search your deck for a card that evolves from 1 of your Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck. You can use this card during your first turn or on a Pokémon that was put into play this turn. Your turn ends. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may heal 30 damage from each of their Metal Pokémon and Dragon Pokémon.
T|The attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Fighting Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|If the Pokémon V this card is attached to has "Vaporeon," "Jolteon," or "Flareon" in its name, its attacks cost Colorless less. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Heal 20 damage from your Active Pokémon. If you healed any damage in this way, flip a coin. If heads, put this Lucky Ice Pop into your hand instead of the discard pile. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|If the Pokémon V this card is attached to has "Espeon" or "Umbreon" in its name, whenever your opponent plays a Supporter card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to that Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|The Rapid Strike Pokémon this card is attached to can use the attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|If the Pokémon V this card is attached to has "Sylveon" in its name and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, that player takes 1 fewer Prize card. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|The attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Lightning Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may put a Pokémon Tool attached to 1 of their Pokémon into their hand.
T|The Single Strike Pokémon this card is attached to can use the attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may search their deck for a Basic Lightning Pokémon or Basic Dragon Pokémon and put it onto their Bench. Then, that player shuffles their deck.
T|Switch a card from your hand with the top card of your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon that has 50 HP or less remaining with your opponent's Active Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|You can play this card only if you discard 2 other cards from your hand. Draw a card for each of your opponent's Pokémon in play.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may search their deck for an Evolution Grass Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into their hand. Then, that player shuffles their deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may make your opponent's Active Pokémon Burned, Confused, and Poisoned.
A|Heal all damage from each of your Benched Pokémon. If you healed any damage in this way, shuffle this Pokémon and all attached cards into your deck.
A|If this Pokémon moved from your Bench to the Active Spot this turn, this attack can be used for Grass.
P|The Retreat Cost of each of your Pokémon that has any Fire Energy attached is ColorlessColorless less.
A|Discard up to 2 basic Energy cards from your hand. This attack does 60 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon's attacks do 90 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Attach a Water Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon.
A|Discard any amount of Water Energy from this Pokémon. Then, for each Energy card you discarded in this way, choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon and do 30 damage to it. (You can choose the same Pokémon more than once.) This damage isn't affected by Weakness or Resistance.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you must flip a coin. If heads, discard the top 5 cards of your opponent's deck. If tails, discard the top 5 cards of your deck.
A|This attack does 20 damage for each of your Benched Pokémon that has the Let's All Rollout attack.
P|Once during your turn, you may attach a Water Energy card or a Fighting Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Pokémon.
P|Your opponent's Single Strike Pokémon's attacks cost Colorless more.
P|Your opponent's Rapid Strike Pokémon in play have no Abilities.
A|If this Pokémon has any damage counters on it, this attack can be used for Water.
P|You must discard a Water Energy card from your hand in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may choose 2 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon and put 2 damage counters on each of them.
A|Discard all Pokémon Tools from all of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon can't use Max Bolt.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon during your turn, you may put up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards from your discard pile into your hand.
A|Put a Basic Pokémon V from your opponent's discard pile onto their Bench. If you do, put damage counters on that Pokémon until its remaining HP is 30.
A|This attack does 70 damage for each Fusion Strike Energy attached to all of your Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each of your Fusion Strike Pokémon in play.
P|If this Pokémon is in the Active Spot and is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, put 10 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
A|Put damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon until its remaining HP is 60.
A|This attack does 60 damage for each of your opponent's Pokémon V and Pokémon-GX in play.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Fire Pokémon, it is now Paralyzed.
P|Once during your turn, you may draw cards until you have as many cards in your hand as you have Fusion Strike Pokémon in play.
P|Once during your turn, you may attach a Psychic Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Latias.
P|As long as this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, whenever your opponent tries to attach an Energy card from their hand to a Pokémon, they must flip a coin. If tails, your opponent discards that Energy card instead of attaching it, and this doesn't use up their Energy attachment for the turn.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon's attacks do 80 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Prevent all damage done to each of your Pokémon that has the Let's All Rollout attack by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon VMAX.
A|If your opponent's Basic Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from this attack, take 2 more Prize cards.
T|You can use this card only during your first turn. Search your deck for up to 2 Basic Pokémon and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Fusion Strike Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
T|You can use this card only if you discard another Item card from your hand. Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|You must play 2 Crossceiver cards at once. (This effect works one time for 2 cards.) Put a Pokémon or a Supporter card from your discard pile into your hand. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|If the Pokémon VMAX this card is attached to is Knocked Out by damage from an attack from your opponent's Pokémon, search your deck for a card and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|During this turn, your Fusion Strike Pokémon's attacks do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Draw 2 cards. If your opponent has exactly 1, 3, or 5 Prize cards remaining, draw 2 more cards.
T|Draw 2 cards. If your opponent has exactly 2, 4, or 6 Prize cards remaining, draw 2 more cards.
T|Your opponent reveals their hand. Discard up to 2 in any combination of Pokémon Tool cards, Special Energy cards, and Stadium cards from it.
T|Whenever either player's Active Pokémon retreats, put any basic Energy that would be discarded into their hand instead of the discard pile.
T|The attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Water Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may put a basic Energy card from their discard pile into their hand.
A|You can use this attack only if this Pokémon used Spore Ball during your last turn.
P|All of your Pokémon that have Grass Energy attached can't be Confused, and if they are already Confused, they recover from that Special Condition.
A|This attack does 50 damage for each of your Evolution Pokémon in play.
A|Reveal the top 5 cards of your deck. This attack does 80 damage for each Energy card you find there. Then, discard those Energy cards and shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for up to 5 Water Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Search your deck for up to 5 Water Energy cards and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in your discard pile and you have no cards in your hand, you may put this Pokémon onto your Bench. If you do, draw 3 cards.
A|You may discard any amount of Lightning Energy from your Pokémon. This attack does 60 damage for each card you discarded in this way.
A|Flip 3 coins. Choose a number of your Pokémon in play up to the number of heads. For each of those Pokémon, search your deck for a card that evolves from that Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|During your opponent's next turn, they can't play any Pokémon Tool or Special Energy cards from their hand.
A|Flip 3 coins. Attach a number of basic Energy cards up to the number of heads from your discard pile to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
P|The Retreat Cost of your opponent's Poisoned Pokémon is Colorless more.
A|Until the end of your next turn, the Defending Pokémon's Weakness is now Darkness. (The amount of Weakness doesn't change.)
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a Haxorus and put it onto this Axew to evolve it. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Your opponent shuffles their Active Pokémon and all attached cards into their deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may have your opponent switch their Active Pokémon with 1 of their Benched Pokémon.
T|Your opponent reveals their hand, and you draw a card for each Trainer card you find there.
T|If the Pokémon this card is attached to uses an attack, if you flip any coins for the damage or effect of that attack, and if any of them are tails, draw 3 cards at the end of your turn. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Choose up to 3 of your Benched Pokémon. For each of those Pokémon, search your deck for a different type of basic Energy card and attach it to that Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck. Your turn ends.
T|The attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Psychic Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Heal 20 damage from each of your Pokémon. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Basic Pokémon that don't have a Rule Box and put them onto your Bench. Then, shuffle your deck. (Pokémon V, Pokémon-GX, etc. have Rule Boxes.)
T|The attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to do 30 more damage to your opponent's Active Dragon Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You may play any number of Item cards during your turn. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|You can use this card only if you discard a Fire Energy card from your hand. Look at the top 7 cards of your deck and put up to 2 of them into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may attach a Fire Energy card from their discard pile to 1 of their Benched Fire Pokémon. If a player attached Energy to a Pokémon in this way, put 2 damage counters on that Pokémon.
T|Choose 1 or more: • Shuffle a Pokémon from your discard pile into your deck. • Shuffle a Pokémon Tool card from your discard pile into your deck. • Shuffle a Stadium card from your discard pile into your deck. • Shuffle an Energy card from your discard pile into your deck.
T|Shuffle up to 3 in any combination of Pokémon and Supporter cards, except for Team Yell's Cheer, from your discard pile into your deck.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each of your Benched Pokémon.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Grass Energy attached to all of your Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Water Energy cards and attach them to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Attach a basic Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon.
A|Discard a Water Energy card from your hand. If you do, draw 3 cards.
A|Attach a Psychic Energy card from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
P|Damage from this Pokémon's attacks isn't affected by any effects on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Heal 30 damage from both Active Pokémon.
A|Attach up to 2 Lightning Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
A|Attach up to 2 Water Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
P|Whenever your opponent plays an Item card from their hand, prevent all effects of that card done to this Pokémon.
P|This Pokémon can't be Poisoned.
P|Once during your turn, you may have your opponent reveal their hand.
A|Attach up to 2 Psychic Energy cards from your discard pile to this Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon's attacks do 150 less damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Attach up to 3 basic Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|This attack does 70 damage for each Energy attached to all of your opponent's Pokémon. (You can't use more than 1 VSTAR Power in a game.)
A|Search your deck for a number of cards up to the number of different types of Pokémon you have in play and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for an Item card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Put a Special Energy attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon in the Lost Zone.
A|Attach up to 3 Lightning Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
T|Once during each player's turn, if that player has 6 Pokémon in play, they may heal 10 damage from each of their Pokémon.
A|This attack also does 10 damage to 3 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
T|Search your deck for a basic Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward
A|Search your discard pile for an Energy card, show it to your opponent, and put it in your hand
A|Search your deck for a Grass Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Choose either Asleep or Poisoned. Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now affected by that Special Condition.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Water Energy card from your hand. If you do, put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon and is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, put 5 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon.
A|You may move an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon to 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
A|Put 2 damage counters each of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Put damage counters on both Active Pokémon until the remaining HP of each Pokémon is 10.
A|Discard the top card of your deck. If that card is a Fighting Energy, attach it to this Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin for each Fighting Energy attached to this Pokémon. This attack does 50 damage times the number of heads.
P|Once during your turn, (before your attack), if this Pokémon is Confused, you may search your deck for a card that evolves from this Pokémon and put it onto this Pokémon. (This counts as evolving this Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Your opponent flips 4 coins. For each tails, he or she discards a card from his or her hand.
A|Before doing damage, discard all Pokémon Tool cards attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|Each of your Pokémon that has any Fairy Energy attached to it can't be affected by any Special Conditions. (Remove any Special Conditions affecting those Pokémon.)
A|Search your deck for 3 different types of basic Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|You may do 30 more damage. If you do, this Pokémon is now Asleep.
T|Shuffle 1 of your Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your deck.
T|Each Pokémon that has any Fairy Energy attached to it (both yours and your opponent's) has no Retreat Cost. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Search your deck for up to 2 basic Energy cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Flip a coin. If heads, draw 3 cards. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Each Pokémon that has any Darkness Energy attached to it (both yours and your opponent's) has no Weakness. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
A|Draw 2 cards. Then, put a card from your hand on the bottom of your deck.
P|As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Wormadam to another of your Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may flip a coin. If heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
P|If you have a Stadium card in play, your opponent can't attach any Special Energy cards from his or her hand to his or her Pokémon.
P|When you play M Alakazam-EX from your hand to evolve this Pokémon, before it evolves, you may put 2 damage counters on your opponent's Active Pokémon and 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon.
A|Flip 2 coins. For each heads, discard 2 cards from the top of your opponent's deck.
P|This Pokémon can use the attacks of any of your Basic Pokémon in play. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
P|The attacks of your Fighting Pokémon (excluding Regirock-EX) do 10 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|Basic Energy attached to your Basic Pokémon can't be discarded by effects of your opponent's attacks, Abilities, or Trainer cards.
A|Attach 2 Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Fighting Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Darkness or Fairy Pokémon, it can't attack during your opponent's next turn.
A|Discard as many cards as you like from your hand. Then, draw that many cards.
A|If your opponent's Mega Evolution Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from this attack, take 2 more Prize cards.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may attach 1 Darkness Energy from your discard pile to this Pokémon for each Prize card your opponent has taken.
P|Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, including damage, done to your Benched Pokémon.
A|Discard as many Metal Energy attached to this Pokémon as you like. For each Energy card discarded in this way, choose 1 of your opponent's Pokémon and do 30 damage to it. Don't apply Weakness and Resistance. (You may choose the same Pokémon more than once.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put a Pokémon Tool card attached to this Pokémon into your hand.
A|Discard a Special Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|At the end of your opponent's next turn, discard the Defending Pokémon and all cards attached to it.
A|Discard a Pokémon Tool card attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Alakazam-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Altaria-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Audino-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Choose which way this card faces before you play it. This ↓ player's Pokémon can't be Confused or Poisoned. (If those Pokémon are already Confused or Poisoned, remove those Special Conditions.) Choose which way this card faces before you play it. This ↓ player's Pokémon can't be Asleep or Paralyzed. (If those Pokémon are already Asleep or Paralyzed, remove those Special Conditions.) This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Devolve 1 of your evolved Pokémon and put the highest Stage Evolution card on it into your hand. (That Pokémon can't evolve this turn.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Look at the bottom 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal a Kabuto you find there and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, put all basic Energy attached to that Pokémon into your hand. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Put as many Energy attached to your Pokémon as you like into your hand. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Put 2 in any combination of Helix Fossil Omanyte, Dome Fossil Kabuto, or Old Amber Aerodactyl cards from your discard pile into your hand. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Look at the bottom 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal an Omanyte you find there and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Draw a card for each of your opponent's Benched Basic Pokémon.
T|Switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Mega Evolution Pokémon with his or her Active Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Zygarde-EX this card is attached to can also use the attack on this card. (You still need the necessary Energy to use this attack.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may discard a Fire or Fighting Energy card from his or her hand. If that player does so, he or she draws 2 cards. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
A|This attack does 20 damage times the number of your remaining Prize cards.
P|If you have exactly 4 cards in your hand, ignore all Energy in the attack cost of each of this Pokémon's attacks.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, if this Pokémon would be Knocked Out by damage from an attack during your opponent's next turn, it is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead.
A|Until the end of your opponent's next turn, each Stadium or Pokémon Tool card in play has no effect. (This includes cards that come into play on that turn.)
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may put 3 Poké Ball cards from your discard pile into your hand.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is Confused, it is now Paralyzed.
A|Choose 2 of your Benched Pokémon. Attach a Fire Energy card from your discard pile to each of those Pokémon.
A|If the damage from this attack reduces your opponent's Active Pokémon's HP to 60 or less, that Pokémon is Knocked Out.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may attach a Special Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Mega Evolution Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon-EX.
A|This attack does 30 damage to 2 of your opponent's Pokémon. Also apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.
A|Search your deck for Nidoran ♀ and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search your deck for up to 2 cards and discard them. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Each player either draws or discards cards until that player has 4 cards in his or her hand. (Your opponent does this first.)
A|This attack does 20 damage to 2 of your opponent's Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Move an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon to 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is Poisoned, put 3 more damage counters on that Pokémon between turns. This effect can be applied more than once.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Poisoned Pokémon.
A|Move as many damage counters on your opponent's Benched Pokémon as you like to any of your opponent's other Pokémon in any way you like.
A|This attack does 10 damage times the number of your Pawniard.
P|Prevent all effects of your opponent's attacks, except damage, done to each of your Pokémon that has any Metal Energy attached to it. (Existing effects are not removed.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may discard all cards attached to this Pokémon and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon as a Pokémon Tool card. Prevent any damage done to the Pokémon this card is attached to by attacks from your opponent's Mega Evolution Pokémon. If this card is attached to a Pokémon, discard this card at the end of your opponent's turn.
A|Discard as many Darkness Energy attached to your Pokémon as you like. This attack does 50 damage times the amount of Darkness Energy you discarded in this way.
A|You can use this attack only if you go second, and only on your first turn. Discard an Energy attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
A|Look at the top 3 cards of your opponent's deck and put them back in any order.
A|This attack does 120 damage minus 20 damage for each Colorless in your opponent's Active Pokémon's Retreat Cost.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may have your opponent switch his or her Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
T|Look at the bottom 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal a Shieldon you find there and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Your opponent reveals his or her hand. Put any number of Basic Pokémon you find there onto your opponent's Bench. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Look at the bottom 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal an Anorith you find there and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Gardevoir-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|You can play this card only if you took it as a face-down Prize card, before you put it into your hand. Flip a coin. If heads, take 1 more Prize card. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Choose 1 of your Basic Pokémon in play. Search your deck for a Basic Pokémon and switch it with that Pokémon. (Any attached cards, damage counters, Special Conditions, turns in play, and any other effects remain on the new Pokémon.) Shuffle the first Pokémon into your deck.
T|Remove all effects of attacks on each player and his or her Pokémon.
T|Shuffle 2 Special Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Steelix-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
P|All Energy attached to this Pokémon are Fire Energy instead of their usual type.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon was on the Bench and became your Active Pokémon this turn, you may move any number of Fire Energy attached to your Pokémon to this Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a card from your hand. If you do, put 2 basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your hand. (You can't choose a card you discarded with the effect of this Ability.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may Knock Out this Pokémon and attach it to one of your Lightning Pokémon as a Special Energy card. This card provides 2 Lightning Energy only while this card is attached to a Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an attack, discard an Energy attached to the Attacking Pokémon.
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon. If 1 of your Pokémon used Barrier during your last turn, this attack can't be used.
A|During your next turn, this Pokémon's attacks do 100 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|If this Pokémon was damaged by an attack during your opponent's last turn, this attack does the same amount of damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|You may have your opponent switch his or her Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may discard all Pokémon Tool cards attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|This attack does 60 damage times the number of Special Energy cards in your opponent's discard pile.
A|Choose Grass, Fire, Water, Lightning, Psychic, Fighting, Darkness, Metal, Fairy, or Dragon type. The Defending Pokémon's Weakness is now that type until the end of your next turn. (The amount of Weakness doesn't change.)
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may put 2 Basic Pokémon (except for Dragonite-EX) from your discard pile into your hand.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Blastoise-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Charizard-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Pidgeot-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Look at the top 5 cards of your deck and put them back in any order. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Slowbro-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Venusaur-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
A|From the moment you use this attack, you must begin to sing a song. (While the song is being sung, the game continues.) When the song is finished, this attack does 30 damage.
P|When this Doduo retreats, hold this card and throw it as hard as you can because Doduo is running away. Throw the card horizontally with a snap to get the farthest distance!
T|Each player turns all of his or her Prize cards face up. (Those Prize cards remain face up for the rest of the game.)
A|This attack does 20 damage times the number of Benched Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's).
A|Flip a coin until you get tails. For each heads, discard an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|During your next turn, flip 6 coins instead of 2 for this Pokémon's Prickly Needles attack.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Basic Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, your opponent can't draw a card at the beginning of his or her next turn.
A|Shuffle 3 Pokémon from your discard pile into your deck.
A|This attack does 50 damage to 2 of your opponent's Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness or Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Put a Basic Pokémon from your opponent's discard pile onto his or her Bench.
A|Put damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon equal to the number of damage counters on this Pokémon.
P|As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may move 1 damage counter from 1 of your Pokémon to this Pokémon.
A|Discard as many Fighting Energy cards as you like from your hand. This attack does 30 damage times the number of Energy cards you discarded.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may put 1 damage counter on each of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|Each of your Grass Pokémon in play gets +20 HP.
P|As often as you like during your turn (before your attack), you may discard an Energy attached to this Pokémon. If you do, heal 60 damage from this Pokémon.
A|Look at the top 4 cards of your deck and put 2 of them into your hand. Discard the other cards.
T|Attach 2 Fire Energy cards from your discard pile to 1 of your Fire Pokémon.
T|Discard a Fire Energy card from your hand. (If you can't discard a Fire Energy card, you can't play this card.) Draw 2 cards. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Each Pokémon in play has no Resistance. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Shuffle 5 Pokémon from your discard pile into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Discard all Pokémon Tool cards attached to each of your opponent's Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Look at the top card of either player's deck. You may discard that card or return it to the top of the deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard a Grass Energy attached to this Pokémon. If you do, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Confused and Poisoned.
P|Ignore all Colorless Energy in the attack cost of each of your Poliwag, Poliwhirl, and Poliwrath's attacks.
A|This attack does 30 damage to 2 of your Benched Pokémon. (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.)
A|Discard a basic Energy card from your hand. If you do, draw 2 cards.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may discard any Stadium card in play. If you do, put a Stadium card with a different name from your discard pile into play.
A|Move an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon to 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
P|Each of your Fairy Pokémon's Resistance is now -40.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may move any number of basic Energy attached to your Pokémon to this Pokémon. If you do, switch this Pokémon with your Active Pokémon.
A|Attach as many basic Energy cards as you like from your hand to your Pokémon in any way you like.
P|When you attach a basic Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon, you may search your deck for a card that evolves from this Pokémon that is the same type as that Energy card and put it onto this Pokémon. (This counts as evolving this Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Flip 2 coins. For each heads, discard an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
T|The attacks of each Fighting Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) do 20 more damage to the Defending Pokémon-EX (before applying Weakness and Resistance). This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Fighting Pokémon this card is attached to has full HP and would be Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, that Pokémon is not Knocked Out and its remaining HP becomes 10 instead. Then, discard this card. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for up to 2 in any combination of Amaura or Tyrunt and put them onto your bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Look at the bottom 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal a Tyrunt you find there and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for a Fighting Pokémon and an Item card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Prevent all damage done to Benched Pokémon by attacks (both yours and your opponent's). This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Look at the bottom 7 cards of your deck. You may reveal an Amaura you find there and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. The Pokémon this card is attached to can't be affected by any Special Conditions. (Remove any Special Conditions affecting that Pokémon.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Choose up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards attached to your Pokémon and put them into your hand. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Each Stage 1 and Stage 2 Pokémon in play (both yours and your opponent's) gets +30 HP. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
A|Whenever your opponent plays a Trainer card from his or her hand during his or her next turn, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, that card has no effect. (Your opponent still discards that card.)
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done to this Pokémon by attacks is increased by 40 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Search your deck for up to 2 Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Attach 3 Energy cards from your opponent's discard pile to his or her Pokémon in any way you like.
A|The Defending Pokémon's Weakness is now Lightning until the end of your next turn. (The amount of Weakness doesn't change.)
A|Switch 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon with your opponent's Active Pokémon. The new Active Pokémon is now Confused.
A|Discard as many Lightning Energy attached to your Pokémon as you like. This attack does 30 damage times the number of Energy cards you discarded.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may put 3 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, each Pokémon in play, in each player's hand, and in each player's discard pile has no Abilities (except for Psychic Pokémon).
A|Shuffle 3 cards from your discard pile into your deck.
P|If this Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, flip a coin. If heads, the Attacking Pokémon is Knocked Out.
P|If this Pokémon has any Grass Energy attached to it, its maximum HP is 200.
A|Your opponent can't attach Energy from his or her hand to the Defending Pokémon during his or her next turn.
A|Your opponent can't play any Pokémon from his or her hand to evolve the Defending Pokémon during his or her next turn.
A|During your opponent's next turn, any damage done by attacks from the Defending Pokémon is reduced by 60 (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Flip a coin for each Energy attached to this Pokémon. This attack does 60 damage times the number of heads.
P|When you attach an Energy from your hand to this Pokémon, you may use this Ability. Your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Asleep.
A|If the Defending Pokémon is a Pokémon-EX, it can't attack during your opponent's next turn.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from each of your opponent's Pokémon that has any Special Energy attached to it.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from each of your opponent's Pokémon that has Special Energy attached to it.
P|Each player can't attach any Pokémon Tool cards from his or her hand to any of his or her Pokémon.
T|Put 1 Pokémon into your hand. (Discard all cards attached to that Pokémon.)
T|Search your deck for up to 3 cards and discard them. Shuffle your deck afterward. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Each Psychic Pokémon's attacks (both yours and your opponent's) cost Colorless less. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Gengar-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Your opponent reveals his or her hand. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach this Pokemon Tool to 1 of your opponent's Pokemon-EX that doesn't already have a Pokemon Tool attached to it. The attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to cost Colorless more. When this card is removed from a Pokémon for any reason, put this card in its owner's discard pile. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach this Pokemon Tool to 1 of your opponent's Pokemon-EX that doesn't already have a Pokemon Tool attached to it. The attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to do 20 less damage to all Defending Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). (Don't apply Weakness and Resistance for Benched Pokémon.) When this card is removed from a Pokémon for any reason, put this card in its owner's discard pile. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Each player shuffles all cards in his or her discard pile into his or her deck (except for Lysandre's Trump Card).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Manectric-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Play this card as if it were a 30 HP Colorless Basic Pokémon. At any time during your turn (before your attack), you may discard this card from play. This card can't retreat. If this card is Knocked Out, your opponent can't take any Prize Cards for it. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Each Metal Pokémon (both yours and your opponent's) can't be affected by any Special Conditions. (Remove any Special Conditions affecting those Pokémon.) This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Put a Basic Pokémon from your opponent's discard pile onto his or her Bench. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Once during your turn, after you flip any coins for an attack of the Pokémon this card is attached to, you may ignore all effects of those coin flips and begin flipping those coins again. (You may only use effects that let you flip coins again, including effects from other cards, once during your turn.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
A|During your next turn, if the Defending Pokémon is damaged by an attack, it is Knocked Out.
P|Whenever your opponent plays a Trainer card (excluding Pokémon Tools and Stadium cards), prevent all effects of that card done to this Pokémon.
P|Each player can't play any Stadium cards from his or her hand.
A|Discard a Grass Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
A|Discard a Fire Energy card from your hand. If you do, draw 2 cards.
P|This Pokémon may attack twice a turn. (If the first attack Knocks Out your opponent's Active Pokémon, you may attack again after your opponent chooses a new Active Pokémon.)
A|Attach 3 Fire Energy cards from your discard pile to your Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Discard as many Fire Energy attached to your Pokémon as you like. This attack does 50 damage times the number of Energy cards you discarded.
P|When you attach an Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon (except with an attack, Ability, or Trainer card), you may attach 2 Energy cards.
P|When this Pokémon is healed, double the amount healed.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may put a card from your discard pile into your hand.
A|During your opponent's next turn, if this Pokémon would be damaged by an attack, prevent that attack's damage done to this Pokémon if that damage is 50 or less.
A|Return 2 Water Energy attached to this Pokémon to your hand.
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by Pokémon-EX.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may discard an Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may choose either player. That player shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck and draws 4 cards.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Aggron-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|You can play this card only when it is the last card in your hand. Put a Water Pokémon from your discard pile onto your Bench. Then, draw 5 cards.
T|Search your deck for a Water Pokémon, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Heal 20 damage from each of your Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes Primal Groudon-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes Primal Kyogre-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|You can play this card only when it is the last card in your hand. Put a Fighting Pokémon from your discard pile onto your Bench. Then, draw 5 cards.
T|Shuffle your hand into your deck and flip a coin. If heads, draw 7 cards. If tails, draw 4 cards.
T|Once during each player's turn, that player may heal 30 damage from each of his or her Water Pokémon and Lightning Pokémon. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Each player's evolved Pokémon can use any attack from its previous Evolutions. (That player still needs the necessary Energy to use each attack.) This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Each Basic Pokémon in play, in each player's hand, and in each player's discard pile has no Abilities. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|You can play this card only if 1 of your Pokémon was Knocked Out during your opponent's last turn. Search your deck for up to 2 cards and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|This attack does 20 damage times the number of Colorless Pokémon your opponent has in play.
P|Prevent all damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Pokémon-EX.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may discard a card from your hand. If you do, discard the top card of your opponent's deck.
A|You may move all Energy from this Pokémon to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like.
A|Discard a Special Energy attached to 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|Each Pokémon Tool card in play has no effect.
A|Your opponent can't play any Pokémon from his or her hand to evolve his or her Pokémon during his or her next turn.
A|If you go first, you can use this attack on your first turn. Draw 2 cards.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may move 3 damage counters from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon to another of his or her Pokémon.
A|Shuffle 3 basic Energy cards from your discard pile into your deck.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may look at the top 8 cards of your deck. Choose any basic Energy cards you find there and attach them to your Pokémon in any way you like. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|Reveal cards from the top of your deck until you reveal an Item card. Put it into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|Flip 2 coins. If both of them are heads, your opponent's Active Pokémon is now Paralyzed.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may heal all damage from 1 of your Pokémon.
A|Attach up to 2 basic Energy cards from your hand to this Pokémon.
P|Any damage done to this Pokémon by attacks from your opponent's Grass, Fire, Water, or Lightning Pokémon is reduced by 20 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|If there is any Stadium card in play, the Retreat Cost of each of your Dragon Pokémon in play is ColorlessColorless less.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may attach a Fire Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Dragon Pokémon.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may draw cards until you have 6 cards in your hand.
A|Look at the top card of your deck. Then, you may shuffle your deck.
A|Shuffle all cards attached to each player's Pokémon into that player's deck.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Gallade-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Latios-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Mega Evolution Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Rayquaza-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Each player can have 8 Pokémon on his or her Bench. (When this card leaves play, each player discards Benched Pokémon until he or she has 5 Pokémon on the Bench. The owner of this card discards first.) This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Search your deck for a Supporter card and a basic Energy card, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Look at the top 4 cards of your deck. You may reveal a Trainer card you find there (except Trainers' Mail) and put it into your hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Damage from the attacks of the Pokémon this card is attached to is affected by Weakness and Resistance for your opponent's Benched Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for up to 3 Colorless Pokémon and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Each player can't play any Item cards from his or her hand.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may use this Ability. Both Active Pokémon (except for Grass Pokémon) are now Poisoned.
A|You may attach up to 2 Grass Energy cards from your hand to your Benched Pokémon in any way you like. If you attached Energy to a Pokémon in this way, heal all damage from that Pokémon.
P|This Pokémon may have up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards attached to it.
P|Each of your Stage 1 Pokémon in play is now a Fire Pokémon in addition to its existing types.
P|Each of your Stage 1 Pokémon in play is now a Water Pokémon in addition to its existing types.
P|Each of your Stage 1 Pokémon in play is now a Lightning Pokémon in addition to its existing types.
A|Look at the top 4 cards of your deck and attach as many Lightning Energy cards you find there as you like to this Pokémon. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck.
A|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, choose a random card from your opponent's hand. Your opponent reveals that card and shuffles it into his or her deck.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is on your Bench, you may discard this Pokémon and all cards attached to it (this does not count as a Knock Out). If you do, draw a card.
A|Look at the top 3 cards of either player's deck and put them back on top of that player's deck in any order.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand onto your Bench, you may search your deck for up to 3 Pokémon-EX (except for Hoopa-EX), reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Discard the top card of your deck. If that card is a Fighting Energy card, attach it to this Pokémon.
A|Choose a Supporter card from your opponent's discard pile and use it as the effect of this attack.
A|If your opponent's Active Pokémon is a Pokémon-EX, discard an Energy attached to that Pokémon.
A|Your opponent can't play any Pokémon Tool, Special Energy, or Stadium cards from his or her hand during his or her next turn.
P|Whenever you attach a Water Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon, you may search your deck for Goomy and put it onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Look through your deck. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|During your opponent's next turn, the Defending Pokémon's attacks cost Colorless more.
T|You can play this card only if you have more Prize cards left than your opponent. Each player shuffles his or her hand into his or her deck. Then, draw 6 cards. Your opponent draws 3 cards.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Ampharos-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Shuffle 3 Pokémon Tool cards from your discard pile into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|At any time between turns, put 2 damage counters on each Mega Evolution Pokémon. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Each player's Grass Pokémon can evolve during his or her first turn or the turn he or she plays those Pokémon. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Until the end of your opponent's next turn, each Pokémon in play, in each player's hand, and in each player's discard pile has no Abilities. (This includes cards that come into play on that turn.)
T|Discard any Stadium card in play. Then, draw a card. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Sceptile-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Tyranitar-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
P|When 1 of your Pokémon becomes this Pokémon, heal all damage from it.
A|Search your deck for a Grass Energy card, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Discard the top 5 cards of your deck. This attack does 80 damage times the number of Energy cards you discarded.
A|Shuffle your hand into your deck. Then, draw 7 cards.
P|Each of your Basic Pokémon's attacks does 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|Until the end of your next turn, each player can't play any Supporter or Stadium cards from his or her hand.
P|When you play this Pokémon from your hand to evolve 1 of your Pokémon, you may have your opponent shuffle his or her hand into his or her deck and draw a card for each of his or her remaining Prize cards.
P|Each of your Pokémon's attacks costs Fairy less.
A|As long as this Haxorus is your Active Pokémon, each of its attacks does 100 more damage (before applying Weakness and Resistance). You can't add more than 100 damage in this way.
A|Each player reveals his or her hand. This attack does 20 damage times the number of Item cards revealed.
A|Before doing damage, have your opponent switch his or her Active Pokémon with 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
T|Search your deck for 1 Basic Pokémon-EX or 3 Basic Pokémon (except for Pokémon-EX) and put them onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
T|Each player puts a Pokémon from his or her discard pile into his or her hand. (Your opponent chooses first.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Glalie-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If the Retreat Cost of the Pokémon this card is attached to is 3 or more, that Pokémon gets +20 HP and can't be Confused. (If that Pokémon is currently Confused, remove that Special Condition.) You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Houndoom-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Mewtwo-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Choose which way this card faces before you play it. This ↓ player can't have more than 3 Benched Pokémon. (When this card comes into play, this ↓ player discards Benched Pokémon until he or she has 3 Pokémon on the Bench.) Choose which way this card faces before you play it. Any damage done by attacks from this ↓ player's Grass, Fire, or Water Pokémon is reduced by 20 (before applying Weakness and Resistance). This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card, shuffle your deck, then put that card on top of it. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Search your deck for 1 Basic Pokémon-EX or 3 Basic Pokémon (except for Pokémon-EX), and put them onto your Bench. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Search your deck for up to 3 Grass Pokémon, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|During your next turn, any damage done to the Defending Pokémon by attacks is increased by 60 (after applying Weakness and Resistance).
A|If your opponent attaches an Energy card from his or her hand to the Defending Pokémon during his or her next turn, that Pokémon will be Asleep.
A|If you use this attack when you have only 1 Prize card left, you win this game.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may flip a coin. If heads, move an Energy from your opponent's Active Pokémon to 1 of his or her Benched Pokémon.
A|You may do 20 more damage for each Water Energy attached to this Pokémon. If you do, discard the top 2 cards of your deck.
A|Search your deck for 2 Water Energy cards and attach them to 1 of your Benched Pokémon. Shuffle your deck afterward.
P|Each of your Pokémon that has any Water Energy attached to it has no Retreat Cost.
A|This attack does 10 damage times the number of your Pokémon in play that have the Round attack.
A|Until the end of your opponent's next turn, each Pokémon your opponent has in play, in his or her hand, and in his or her discard pile has no Abilities. (This includes cards that come into play on that turn.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, you may discard a Water Energy card from your hand. If you do, put 6 damage counters on 1 of your opponent's Pokémon.
P|Damage from the attacks of your Lightning Pokémon isn't affected by any effects on your opponent's Active Pokémon.
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), you may leave both Active Pokémon Asleep.
A|Attach up to 2 Energy cards from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Attach an Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Pokémon.
A|You may discard a Special Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon or a Stadium card in play.
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon by Dragon Pokémon.
A|You may attach an Energy card from your hand to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
P|This Pokémon can't be affected by any Special Conditions. (Remove any Special Conditions affecting this Pokémon.)
P|Once during your turn (before your attack), if this Pokémon has any basic Fire Energy attached to it, you may heal 50 damage from it.
A|Your opponent puts a card from his or her hand on the bottom of his or her deck.
T|Once during each player's turn, if that player's Active Pokémon is Asleep, he or she may remove that Special Condition and heal 30 damage from that Pokémon. This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If this card is attached to 1 of your Pokémon, discard it at the end of your opponent's turn. If the Pokémon this card is attached to is your Active Pokémon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if that Pokémon is Knocked Out), put 6 damage counters on the Attacking Pokémon. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Discard any Stadium card in play. If you do, your opponent discards 3 cards from his or her hand.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Gyarados-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Look at the top 6 cards of your deck and attach a basic Energy card you find there to a Basic Pokémon on your Bench. Shuffle the other cards back into your deck. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Your opponent reveals his or her hand. Discard as many cards as you like from your hand. Then, draw that many cards.
T|You may play 2 Puzzle of Time cards at once. • If you played 1 card, look at the top 3 cards of your deck and put them back in any order. • If you played 2 cards, put 2 cards from your discard pile into your hand. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Choose which way this card faces before you play it. Any damage done to this ↓ player's Metal Pokémon by an opponent's attack is reduced by 10 (after applying Weakness and Resistance). Choose which way this card faces before you play it. The attacks of this ↓ player's Darkness Pokémon do 10 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance). This card stays in play when you play it. Discard this card if another Stadium card comes into play. If another card with the same name is in play, you can't play this card.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Scizor-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
A|Search your deck for M Charizard-EX, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|During your opponent's next turn, this Pokémon has no weakness.
A|You may move a Metal Energy from 1 of your Benched Pokémon to this Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, it can use the attacks of your opponent's Active Pokémon. (You still need the necessary Energy to use each attack.)
A|During your opponent's next turn, prevent all damage done to each of your Pokémon from your opponent's Pokémon-EX. (If this Pokémon is no longer your Active Pokémon, this effect ends.)
P|If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, it gets +20 HP for each of your Benched Pokémon.
P|If this Pokémon is your Active Pokémon, whenever your opponent flips a coin during his or her turn, treat it as tails.
A|Search your deck for M Rayquaza-EX, reveal it, and put it into your hand. Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Discard a Special Energy attached to your opponent's Active Pokémon. If you do, prevent all effects of attacks, including damage, done to this Pokémon during your opponent's next turn.
A|Draw a card. If Latios is on your Bench, draw 1 more card.
P|Whenever you attach an Energy card from your hand to this Pokémon, heal 20 damage from it.
A|Move as many Energy as you like from your Benched Pokémon to this Pokémon.
A|If Pikachu is on your Bench, draw 3 cards.
A|Flip 3 coins. For each heads, attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to your Benched Pokémon-EX in any way you like.
P|When this Pokémon is Knocked Out, flip a coin. If heads, shuffle this Pokémon and all cards attached to it into your deck, and your opponent can't take any Prize cards for it.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Aerodactyl-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
P|Each of your Pokémon that has any Water Energy attached to it can't be Paralyzed. (If any of those Pokémon are Paralyzed, remove that Special Condition.)
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Mawile-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
A|Flip a coin. If heads, search your deck for a card that evolves from 1 of your Pokémon and put it onto that Pokémon. (This counts as evolving that Pokémon.) Shuffle your deck afterward.
A|Choose Grass, Fire, Water, Lightning, Psychic, Fighting, Darkness, Metal, Fairy, or Dragon type. Until the ends of your next turn, this Pokémon is that type.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, attach a basic Energy card from your discard pile to 1 of your Benched Pokémon.
A|Flip a coin. If heads, this Pokémon does 30 damage to itself.
A|This attack does 30 damage times the number of Pokémon your opponent has in play.
A|Discard up to 2 Pokémon Tool cards attached to your opponent's Pokémon.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Beedrill-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
P|If this Pokémon has any Energy attached to it, this Pokémon has no Retreat Cost.
A|Flip a coin for each Fire Energy attached to this Pokémon. This attack does 50 damage times the number of heads.
A|This attack does 20 damage times the number of different types of Pokémon on your opponent's Bench.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Garchomp-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Salamence-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Each player shuffles all Pokémon in his or her discard pile into his or her deck.
A|You may leave your opponent's Active Pokémon Paralyzed. If you do, shuffle this Pokémon and all cards attached to into your deck.
P|Each Pokémon BREAK has no Abilities (this includes Abilities of its previous Evolution).
A|Choose Grass, Fire, Water, Lightning, Psychic, Fighting, Darkness, Metal, Fairy, or Dragon type. Until the end of your next turn, this Pokémon is that type.
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Camerupt-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Sharpedo-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
T|Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. Your turn does not end if the Pokémon this card is attached to becomes M Lucario-EX. You may play as many Item cards as you like during your turn (before your attack).
P|Attacks used by your Pokémon do 20 more damage to your opponent's Active Pokémon (before applying Weakness and Resistance).
P|If you have Shelmet in play, this Pokémon can evolve during your first turn or the turn you play it.
P|You must discard a Basic Fire Energy card from your hand in order to use this Ability. Once during your turn, you may make your opponent's Active Pokémon Burned.
A|This attack does 70 damage for each of your Pokémon in play that has the Round attack.
A|This attack does 30 damage for each Item card in your opponent's discard pile.
P|Prevent all damage from and effects of attacks done to this Pokémon by your opponent's Pokémon that have any Special Energy attached.
P|Once during your turn, if this Pokémon is in the Active Spot, you may put a Basic Pokémon with 70 HP or less from your discard pile onto your Bench.
A|Switch in 1 of your opponent's Benched Pokémon to the Active Spot. This attack does 20 damage to the new Active Pokémon.
A|You may search your deck for any number of Fennel cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand. Then, shuffle your deck.
A|Move an Energy from 1 of your opponent's Pokémon to another of their Pokémon.
P|If you go first, this Pokémon can use attacks during your first turn.
P|This Pokémon gets +40 HP for each Fighting Energy attached to it.
A|Your opponent discards a card from their hand.
T|The Retreat Cost of the Pokémon this card is attached to is ColorlessColorless less. You may attach any number of Pokémon Tools to your Pokémon during your turn. You may attach only 1 Pokémon Tool to each Pokémon, and it stays attached. Attach a Pokémon Tool to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached.
T|Flip 2 coins. If both of them are heads, search your deck for a Basic Energy card and attach it to 1 of your Pokémon. Then, shuffle your deck. You may play any number of Item cards during your turn.
T|Move up to 2 Energy from your Benched Pokémon to your Active Pokémon.